A. A. Milne	If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A. A. Milne	Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
A. A. Milne	Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
A. A. Milne	Organizing is what you do before you do something, so that when you do it, it is not all mixed up.
A. A. Milne	Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.
A. A. Milne	You can't stay in your corner of the forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
A. A. Milne	The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority. The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority. The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking.
A. A. Milne	Bores can be divided into two classes; those who have their own particular subject, and those who do not need a subject.
A. A. Milne	What I say is that, if a fellow really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow.
A. A. Milne	My spelling is Wobbly. It's good spelling but it Wobbles, and the letters get in the wrong places.
A. A. Milne	To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
A. A. Milne	One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
A. A. Milne	Tiggers don't like honey.
A. A. Milne	Never forget me, because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
A. A. Milne	Almost anyone can be an author; the business is to collect money and fame from this state of being.
A. A. Milne	If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name.
A. A. Milne	Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad.
A. A. Milne	You will be better advised to watch what we do instead of what we say.
A. A. Milne	I suppose that every one of us hopes secretly for immortality; to leave, I mean, a name behind him which will live forever in this world, whatever he may be doing, himself, in the next.
A. A. Milne	No sensible author wants anything but praise.
A. J. Jacobs	The key to making healthy decisions is to respect your future self. Honor him or her. Treat him or her like you would treat a friend or a loved one. A Stanford study showed that those who saw a photo of their future self made smarter financial decisions.
A. J. Jacobs	I have little shame, no dignity - all in the name of a better cause.
A. J. Jacobs	The best we can do, to paraphrase Pollan, is to eat whole foods, mostly plants, and not too much.
A. J. Jacobs	I tried the paleo diet, which is the caveman diet - lots of meat. And I tried the calorie restriction diet: The idea is that if you eat very, very little - if you're on the verge of starvation, you will live a very long time, whether or not you want to, of course.
A. J. Jacobs	My goal? To test out every diet and exercise regimen on planet earth and figure out which work best. I sweated, I cooked, I learned to pole dance. In the end, I lost weight, lowered my cholesterol and doubled my energy level. I feel better than I ever have.
A. J. Jacobs	I pledged to become the world's greatest expert in a field I knew nothing about.
A. J. Jacobs	It's sort of my job to feel good.
A. J. Jacobs	I was what they call 'skinny fat' - a body that resembled a python after swallowing a goat.
A. J. Jacobs	I was very good at sitting. But I just read so much research about how horrible sitting is for you. It's like, it's really bad. It's like Paula-Deen-glazed-bacon-doughnut bad. So I now move around as much as possible.
A. J. Jacobs	There's a very passionate pro-chewing movement on the Internet called Chewdiasm. They say that we should be chewing 50 to 100 times per mouthful, which is insane. I tried that. It takes like a day and a half to eat a sandwich. But their basic idea is right. If you chew, you'll eat slower and you will get more nutrients.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Great dreams of great dreamers are always transcended.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Let me define a leader. He must have vision and passion and not be afraid of any problem. Instead, he should know how to defeat it. Most importantly, he must work with integrity.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	When we tackle obstacles, we find hidden reserves of courage and resilience we did not know we had. And it is only when we are faced with failure do we realise that these resources were always there within us. We only need to find them and move on with our lives.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	The world has today 546 nuclear plants generating electricity. Their experience is being continuously researched, and feedback should be provided to all. Nuclear scientists have to interact with the people of the nation, and academic institutions continuously update nuclear power generation technology and safety.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability. Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	One of the very important characteristics of a student is to question. Let the students ask questions.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Life is a difficult game. You can win it only by retaining your birthright to be a person.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Almost half of the population of the world lives in rural regions and mostly in a state of poverty. Such inequalities in human development have been one of the primary reasons for unrest and, in some parts of the world, even violence.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	We will be remembered only if we give to our younger generation a prosperous and safe India, resulting out of economic prosperity coupled with civilizational heritage.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Educationists should build the capacities of the spirit of inquiry, creativity, entrepreneurial and moral leadership among students and become their role model.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Poetry comes from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	Unless India stands up to the world, no one will respect us. In this world, fear has no place. Only strength respects strength.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam	You see, God helps only people who work hard. That principle is very clear.
Aaliyah	I stay true to myself and my style, and I am always pushing myself to be aware of that and be original.
Aaliyah	Keep working hard and you can get anything that you want.
Aaliyah	I want people to remember me as a full on entertainer and a good person.
Aaliyah	I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah	I think it's important to take a break, you know, from the public eye for a while, and give people a chance to miss you. I want longevity. I don't want to get out there and run myself ragged and spread myself thin.
Aaliyah	You have to love what you do to want to do it everyday.
Aaliyah	In film, you are a totally different person than in the video.
Aaliyah	If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.
Aaliyah	It's really a sad story, and I liked that. The songs on this album talk about relationships in every aspect.
Aaliyah	I don't think about my previous success. I'm happy that the work I've done has been very successful.
Aaliyah	I'm the interpreter. I'm the one who takes your words and brings them to life. I was trained to sing and dance and laugh, and that's what I want to do.
Aaliyah	It's hard to say what I want my legacy to be when I'm long gone.
Aaliyah	If I don't think about it, it won't drive me crazy.
Aaliyah	I'm involved in some action scenes, so they'll train me for that. I'll be working with my acting coach to prepare for my character.
Aaliyah	There are certain things I want to keep to me. I don't discuss my private life.
Aaliyah	There are times I can't even figure myself out.
Aaliyah	I don't feel I made any sacrifices at all. I'm doing my best to juggle.
Aaliyah	Romeo Must Die came at the right time. It was the right vehicle for me.
Aaliyah	There are times in my life when I just want to be by myself.
Aaliyah	All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from.
Aaliyah	I began to work the stage and get the audience into it. I also learned how to have fun out there. It is something I will never forget.
Aaliyah	I don't want to abandon one work for the other, and I don't think I need to sacrifice anything to put my all into either one of them.
Aaliyah	I know that people think I'm sexy and I am looked at as that. It is cool with me. It's wonderful to have sexy appeal. If you embrace it, it can be a very beautiful thing.
Aaliyah	Because I came out as a singer, I took the time to get an acting coach.
Aaliyah	I have the time needed to support the album and tour.
Aaron Eckhart	I often feel that my days in New York City, that I was here for five years, didn't get one job, went on a thousands of auditions and literally did not get a job on a soap, not a movie, not TV, not nothing, although I did do some commercials thank God.
Aaron Eckhart	It seems to me if you want something badly enough, whether you're a man or a woman, you'll do whatever you have to do to get it.
Aaron Eckhart	Yeah, but there's nobody who represents romance to me like Cary Grant.
Aaron Eckhart	A film has its own life and takes its own time.
Aaron Eckhart	But then, even with sex, I'm more in the school of less is more in movies.
Aaron Eckhart	I think every actor wants to be an FBI or cop at one point.
Aaron Eckhart	I'm sort of fascinated by the whole espionage crime thing.
Aaron Eckhart	If we're talking about masculinity and tenderness, I don't look at Clinton.
Aaron Eckhart	The F.B.I. is about nuts and bolts. It's all about witnesses and procedure and walking the streets.
Aaron Eckhart	I think they are very important because westerns have a code and a symbolism.
Aaron Eckhart	But I guess I like playing flawed guys 'cause it gives a place for the characters to go.
Aaron Eckhart	Directors, producers can make you look good or make you look bad.
Aaron Eckhart	I always ask, why can't I be just like Cary Grant or something.
Aaron Eckhart	I don't do comedy so much although I would like to do a comedy.
Aaron Eckhart	I mean, the problem is, I think I'm a great writer.
Aaron Eckhart	I think America right now is looking for somebody who appeals to every faction.
Aaron Eckhart	I think women can be as cruel as men, and men as tender as women, and vice versa.
Aaron Eckhart	I would like to direct.
Aaron Eckhart	I'd like to do a romantic comedy.
Aaron Eckhart	I'd like to do more family dramas.
Aaron Eckhart	I'm an actor and it happened to go my way that day.
Aaron Eckhart	Right now, I have to admit, that I'm more interested in giving people a little bit of hope and goodness.
Aaron Eckhart	Some movies get rushed out right after you make them and I'm not always happy with that.
Aaron Eckhart	Some movies I see today have the most dramatic plot points but the actors are not playing them dramatically.
Aaron Eckhart	There are different reasons to make movies.
Abba Eban	I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender.
Abba Eban	History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
Abba Eban	If Algeria introduced a resolution declaring that the earth was flat and that Israel had flattened it, it would pass by a vote of 164 to 13 with 26 abstentions.
Abba Eban	One of the chief tasks of any dialogue with the Gentile world is to prove that the distinction between anti-Semitism and anti-Zionism is not a distinction at all.
Abba Eban	Time and again these governments have rejected proposals today - and longed for them tomorrow.
Abba Eban	Better to be disliked than pitied.
Abba Eban	A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
Abba Eban	You can't achieve anything without getting in someone's way.
Abba Eban	A statesman who keeps his ear permanently glued to the ground will have neither elegance of posture nor flexibility of movement.
Abba Eban	His ignorance is encyclopedic.
Abba Eban	Consensus is what many people say in chorus but do not believe as individuals.
Abba Eban	Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.
Abba Eban	It is our experience that political leaders do not always mean the opposite of what they say.
Abba Eban	The Jews are the living embodiment of the minority, the constant reminder of what duties societies owe their minorities, whoever they might be.
Abba Eban	Lest Arab governments be tempted out of sheer routine to rush into impulsive rejection, let me suggest that tragedy is not what men suffer but what they miss.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	We have followed a path of moderation, development is our priority, national unity, good community relations, Muslims and non Muslims, this is what has given us the advantage.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	It must be a balance in everything we do, not too much of everything, keep it simple, not complicated.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	We go fish, we also catch fighting fish, looking for birds and it was for kampong people, the paddy field was our the play field for the children.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I just picked up golf, it was good, give me a chance to play golf.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	As a child, the paddy field was my playground.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Sometimes children do forget their filial responsibilities.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	So I went to English school, secondary English school, so forget going to Mecca for my religious education.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	So when I had to make a decision whether I would like to do honors degree course in Islamic studies and Malay studies too, so I thought Islamic studies would be good.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	But I have always said that it's important we must make sure that justice is at all time be maintained.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I am quite a spendthrift but just being careful because my family was not rich, was not a rich family.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I have always been interested in politics. I was in the student union before, very active.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I will be happy with certainly when the corruption index improve.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Of course education becomes very very important and that's for our human resource development.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Very old fashioned to say that they will be well behaved but I think it's very important.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	We have now recently launched the national integrity plan.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Well, there are other aspects, I still command very good support in the party.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	You can't have too much of everything, you must have a balance, that's very important.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I, talking about my children, of course I wanted them to succeed in life, they have to choose whatever job or occupation that they want, I will not try to influence.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	When she was in United States, we maintained contact, we talked to each other on the phone, almost every night. And there was one occasion I tried to fix this video conferencing but somehow it did not come out very well enough so better to talk on the phone.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I always said that you can use the same vehicle although the driver will change, or the same vehicle to go for the race. It's a different driver, this is exactly what's happening to the cabinet.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	I believe it is an important project, it makes the cost of doing business lower and they will make us more competitive at the same time, it will also provide some satisfaction to the people who demand services for them of the quality they want and also quickly.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	The idea is that they wouldn't want to deal with militant Islam but an Islam and Muslims who are committed to progress, committed to development, who like peace and are moderate in their ways. So that's what we are doing here.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	We have also set up the national institute for ethics. This institute and also the implementation of the national integrity plan, that will certainly do the follow up that is necessary for this.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	We have been given a role to play. We have been asked to provide, to give lectures on the role of Islamic development and the way we do it here, so the people who are Muslims there would understand what the role of Islam is.
Abdullah Ibrahim	When time and space and change converge, we find place. We arrive in Place when we resolve things. Place is peace of mind and understanding. Place is knowledge of self. Place is resolution.
Abdullah Ibrahim	They took away time, and they gave us the clock.
Abdullah Ibrahim	People say that slaves were taken from Africa. This is not true: People were taken from Africa, among them healers and priests, and were made into slaves.
Abdullah Ibrahim	The biggest problem in South Africa is that we have a disrupted timeline. Historically, politically, spiritually, economically, in people's minds, in people's heads.
Abel Ferrara	As barbaric is we are, it's a miracle we haven't blown ourselves off the face of the earth so far.
Abel Ferrara	That's the thing about making a movie: You never finish editing. They just take it away from you.
Abel Ferrara	A script is not a piece of literature it's a process.
Abel Ferrara	I'm about my characters.
Abel Ferrara	Life is what happens when you're doing other things, right?
Abel Ferrara	Most filmmaking is about shaking hands and just starting.
Abel Ferrara	The secret is not to make a film that causes something like Virginia Tech to happen. The secret is to make a film that stops it happening.
Abel Ferrara	Where I come from you're not raised to think on your own. It's not that you're pushed to read the Bible. The Bible is read to you.
Abel Ferrara	Mulberry Street was the beating heart of the Italian-American experience, but you don't find those gangsters now. I live with a bunch of yuppies and models.
Abel Ferrara	I was raised a Catholic and when you're raised a Catholic they don't teach you to think for yourself. You're taught not to think too deeply about things.
Abel Ferrara	Making money is not gonna change anything about what I am, except I won't answer the door.
Abel Ferrara	I was born in the Bronx, and then my father moved us to the country at an early age.
Abel Ferrara	Listen, anybody who has a film festival has the right to show what they want.
Abel Ferrara	The last day of your life is still going to be a day.
Abel Ferrara	Certain actors wanna get paid, they think working in a low-budget movie is being ripped off. But for others it's like, 'Yes, let's do it.'
Abel Ferrara	I come from a world where you get the film done, that's a success.
Abel Ferrara	I don't care if I get $50 million to do a film.
Abel Ferrara	I don't care if I get $50m to do a film.
Abel Ferrara	I don't have a problem with Werner Herzog.
Abel Ferrara	I don't know what DVD commentaries are about. I'd like to strangle the person who came up with that concept.
Abel Ferrara	I grew up in the '60s, which was a creative time, so it wasn't that big of a stretch to go from a baseball bat to a guitar to a film camera.
Abel Ferrara	I live with a bunch of yuppies and models.
Abel Ferrara	I'm a lapsed Buddhist like I'm a lapsed Catholic. I take it to a point.
Abel Ferrara	I'm not a big fan of talking about dying. And then I make a movie where I kill everybody.
Abel Ferrara	In the film business, it's basically honor among thieves.
Aberjhani	The passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 represented precisely such a hope - that America had learned from its past and acted to secure a better tomorrow.
Aberjhani	The Civil Rights Act of 1964 laid the foundation for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but it also addressed nearly every other aspect of daily life in a would-be free democratic society.
Aberjhani	Mainstream media's representation, or its guerrilla decontextualization, of black men's lives in particular can set the stage for erroneous assumptions capable of damaging an individual or a nation.
Aberjhani	At some point, a flash of sustained clarity reveals the difference between what someone would have you believe is true, and what you know from the depths of your own heart to the peaks of your soul to be true. What happens after that is up to you.
Aberjhani	Varieties of angels, like varieties of love, are many.
Aberjhani	Because Mr. Mandela's early opponents invested so many resources into distorting the true nature of his advocacy, the singular historic moment millions now celebrate could have been tragically lost to guerrilla decontextualization.
Aberjhani	Classic romantic love is an emotional attraction between two individuals in which they may share a heightened awareness of mutual adoration. Erotic love, traditionally, has been described as shared sexual attraction.
Aberjhani	Many people can rightfully claim, as much as anyone can rightfully claim anything, that much of their lives have been spent stumbling through a cloud of cluelessness.
Aberjhani	Minister and writer Barbara Kaufmann has addressed the subject of guerrilla decontextualization on both the 'Voices Compassionate Education' website and on 'Inner Michael', where she offers the kind of insights into the spiritual aspects of Michael Jackson's creative artistry that mainstream media mostly ignores.
Aberjhani	The study of history empowers nations and individuals with an ability to avoid errors of the past and lay foundations for victories in the future.
Aberjhani	Most of the more celebrated names among African-American authors, poets, and artists are known to the world because of their association with specific cultural arts movements.
Aberjhani	Movies can provide tear-inducing or comically-entertaining representations of love, but many agree that its deeper conflicting complexities often seem unfathomable.
Aberjhani	Nelson Mandela did much more than advocate the practice of democracy in South Africa. Working with a constitutional assembly that drew on the ideas and input of regional representatives as well as ordinary citizens, the president worked to draft a constitution that is now universally regarded as the most progressive of any in the world - bar none.
Aberjhani	Valentine's Day itself, like most holidays in the modern era, has been heavily influenced by commercialism that focuses on the appeal of romantic fantasies.
Aberjhani	The political, social, and spiritual impact of the life example set by Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela might be measured in part by the profound and unique gestures made by people in different countries to honor his life upon learning of his death.
Abhishek Bachchan	A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
Abhishek Bachchan	I am a sports enthusiast, and if given an opportunity, I want to be a sportsman, even today. I want to promote the sport that is indigenous to India. Kabaddi is a matter of national pride. Why can't cricket, hockey, football and kabaddi be given equal platforms and co-exist? I believe that can happen.
Abhishek Bachchan	I have no hang-ups in life. I don't care about groups and camps. I have been brought up with certain values and ethics. I have never been egoistic about my stardom and lineage. I don't have any qualms about breaking the ice with my colleagues. I can walk up to any actor and greet him, irrespective of what kind of equation I share with him.
Abhishek Bachchan	I don't think your personal life has anything to do with your professional life. They are separate things. Whatever is happening at home shouldn't be carried to work. Everyone has his/her own journey. Some revel in the fact that they derive that from personal contentment, and others draw it from extreme sorrow.
Abhishek Bachchan	Critics have a job to do. They do not criticise you without reason.
Abhishek Bachchan	Honestly speaking, I don't like my films. When I watch them, I see a lot of scope for improvement, so if I were to see any of my films, like 'Dhoom,' I might say... 'It would have been better if...' or 'had it been...' and this is all about evolving.
Abhishek Bachchan	I'm not a model; hence I don't see the reason to have a six-pack abs. I can pull off a tough and rugged look of a cop in 'Dhoom' series without taking my shirt off. Cops don't have to move around without a shirt to flaunt their machismo. What makes the character of a cop stand out is his attitude and not his six-pack abs.
Abhishek Bachchan	I am happy with all the films I've done. I have not become the victim of an image. I have managed to do different roles, and I am proud of that.
Abhishek Bachchan	Just because I don't show six-pack abs doesn't mean that I don't have them.
Abhishek Bachchan	I don't believe in asking God for anything. If I am worthy, He will give it to me. I think we should earn his blessings; I have never believed in mannats.
Abhishek Bachchan	I think India is very passionate about films. It's almost a second religion back home. Due to that, I think film stars are - are really held in great esteem. Not that we're complaining, but I think with that comes a lot of responsibility.
Abhishek Bachchan	Anybody who has interacted with me will definitely find me to be a chirpy person.
Abhishek Bachchan	In the Indian film industry, especially those of us who are in mainstream cinema, we invariably play a typical hero's role. More often than not, we cater to the public perception. However, there is a latent desire in most actors to do a role where you can go all out and experiment.
Abhishek Bachchan	I am not one of those people who will ever be comfortable mocking or making caricatures of the stereotypes attached to any community.
Abhishek Bachchan	I think every school in the world should have a sports program.
Abhishek Bachchan	Every actor has his own identity. I don't aspire to be Bond. My quest is to do something new, something different.
Abhishek Bachchan	I do films that I like. I have done comedy, romance, everything, and I always like to do it differently from the previous ones.
Abhishek Bachchan	I feel that one of the hardest things in acting is the way you need to switch your emotions.
Abhishek Bachchan	I like working on my birthday, so I always do.
Abhishek Bachchan	I'm an actor, paid to act. I don't bring personal problems to the sets. Dad taught me that.
Abhishek Bachchan	If people are looking forward to my films, then I am happy, and I must be doing something right.
Abhishek Bachchan	My films are of paramount importance to me, the same as my family. That's not going to change. This is a balance I have to strike throughout my life.
Abhishek Bachchan	The trade magazine and all was banned in my house. The first time I read a film magazine was when I was 18.
Abhishek Bachchan	Honestly, I wish I could be a part of all the remakes of my father's films. But on second thought, I wouldn't want to be a part of any. The thought of being compared to him is unnerving. I'd rather do my films than live in the fear of living up to his standards.
Abhishek Bachchan	I still feel that in India we look upon sports as a recreational activity - which it is - but people have to understand that there is a career in sports. It's not just necessary to be a doctor or a lawyer or an engineer, as most of us Indians appear to think that our children should grow up to be.
Abigail Adams	Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Abigail Adams	Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of husbands. Remember all men would be tyrants if they could.
Abigail Adams	Great necessities call out great virtues.
Abigail Adams	If we mean to have heroes, statesmen and philosophers, we should have learned women.
Abigail Adams	We have too many high-sounding words, and too few actions that correspond with them.
Abigail Adams	I've always felt that a person's intelligence is directly reflected by the number of conflicting points of view he can entertain simultaneously on the same topic.
Abigail Adams	A little of what you call frippery is very necessary towards looking like the rest of the world.
Abigail Adams	I am more and more convinced that man is a dangerous creature and that power, whether vested in many or a few, is ever grasping, and like the grave, cries, 'Give, give.'
Abigail Adams	Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Abigail Adams	If particular care and attention is not paid to the ladies, we are determined to foment a rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any laws in which we have no voice, or representation.
Abigail Adams	Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since.
Abigail Adams	If we do not lay out ourselves in the service of mankind whom should we serve?
Abigail Adams	Arbitrary power is like most other things which are very hard, very liable to be broken.
Abigail Adams	I begin to think, that a calm is not desirable in any situation in life. Man was made for action and for bustle too, I believe.
Abraham Cahan	Be modest, humble, simple. Control your anger.
Abraham Cahan	Remember that it is not enough to abstain from lying by word of mouth; for the worst lies are often conveyed by a false look, smile, or act.
Abraham Cahan	Above all, you must fight conceit, envy, and every kind of ill-feeling in your heart.
Abraham Cahan	I was a great dreamer of day dreams.
Abraham Cahan	If you study the Talmud you please God even more than you do by praying or fasting.
Abraham Cahan	What is this world? A mere curl of smoke for the wind to scatter.
Abraham Cahan	Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be.
Abraham Cahan	If you feel that you are good, don't be too proud of it.
Abraham Cahan	If a man is tongue-tied, don't laugh at him, but, rather, feel pity for him, as you would for a man with broken legs.
Abraham Cahan	Only the other world has substance and reality; only good deeds and holy learning have tangible worth.
Abraham Cahan	What is wealth? A dream of fools.
Abraham Cahan	The orthodox Jewish faith practically excludes woman from religious life.
Abraham Cahan	You must never tire fighting Satan.
Abraham Cahan	God, for example, appealed to me as a beardless man wearing a quilted silk cap; holiness was something burning, forbidding, something connected with fire while a day had the form of an oblong box.
Abraham Cahan	If it be true that our people represent a high percentage of mental vigor, the distinction is probably due, in some measure, to the extremely important part which Talmud studies have played in the spiritual life of the race.
Abraham Cahan	The dearest days in one's life are those that seem very far and very near at once.
Abraham Lincoln	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Abraham Lincoln	In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Abraham Lincoln	Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Abraham Lincoln	Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln	America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
Abraham Lincoln	The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.
Abraham Lincoln	All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Abraham Lincoln	You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Abraham Lincoln	The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
Abraham Lincoln	Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Abraham Lincoln	Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Abraham Lincoln	I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
Abraham Lincoln	Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Abraham Lincoln	Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln	When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
Abraham Lincoln	You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
Abraham Lincoln	Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Abraham Lincoln	No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent.
Abraham Lincoln	Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory.
Abraham Lincoln	Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln	Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition.
Abraham Lincoln	Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Abraham Lincoln	The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read.
Abraham Lincoln	Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Abraham Lincoln	This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it.
Abu Abbas	We never had planned to hijack a ship. We never thought of any war plans outside the Palestinian lands. We wished that the program had not failed and then the warriors could have achieved their goals.
Abu Abbas	I do not feel remorse. Everybody makes mistakes in war.
Abu Abbas	When America is chasing you, the whole world is chasing you.
Abu Abbas	The purpose of armed struggle is not simply to kill... its purpose is to reach a political goal.
Abu Abbas	It is true that a large percentage of the Western world hopes that I am imprisoned or dead. But all my people, the Palestinians and the Arabs, wish me long life and freedom.
Abu Bakr	Allah will help him who moves in the way of Allah.
Abu Bakr	Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.
Abu Bakr	The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
Abu Bakr	It is a matter of shame that in the morning the birds should be awake earlier than you.
Abu Bakr	Knowledge is the life of the mind.
Abu Bakr	Follow the way of life, which the Holy Prophet has shown you, for verily that is the right path.
Abu Bakr	Do not look down upon any Muslim, for even the most inferior believer is great in the eyes of God.
Abu Bakr	If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people.
Abu Bakr	The greatest truth is honesty, and the greatest falsehood is dishonesty.
Abu Bakr	O man you are busy working for the world, and the world is busy trying to turn you out.
Abu Bakr	He who builds a masjid in the way of Allah, God will build a house for him in the paradise.
Abu Bakr	Cursed is the man who dies, but the evil done by him survives.
Abu Bakr	To fight against the infidels is Jihad; but to fight against your evil self is greater Jihad.
Abu Bakr	Do not follow vain desires; for verily he who prospers is preserved from lust, greed and anger.
Abu Bakr	If you want to control other people, first control yourself.
Abu Bakr	Our abode in this world is transitory, our life therein is but a loan, our breaths are numbered and our indolence is manifest.
Abu Bakr	When knowledge is limited - it leads to folly... When knowledge exceeds a certain limit, it leads to exploitation.
Abu Bakr	He who prays five times a day is in the protection of God, and he who is protected by God cannot be harmed by anyone.
Abu Bakr	If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad. But if a learned person is thus attracted, it is worse.
Abu Bakr	There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
Abu Bakr	He who fears to weep, should learn to be kind to those who weep.
Abu Bakr	He who aspires to paradise should learn to deal with people with kindness.
Abu Bakr	He who becomes a Muslim does so in his own interest.
Abu Bakr	You should not quarrel with your neighbour, for he will remain where he is, but your high handedness will become the talk of the people.
Abu Bakr	There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.
Ada Cambridge	O what is life, if we must hold it thus as wind-blown sparks hold momentary fire?
Ada Cambridge	Alone! Alone! No beacon, far or near! No chart, no compass, and no anchor stay!
Ada Cambridge	Let Justice, blind and halt and maimed, chastise the rebel spirit surging in my veins, let the Law deal me penalties and pains And make me hideous in my neighbours' eyes.
Ada Cambridge	Have all the hopes of ages come to naught? Is life no more with noble meaning fraught?
Adam Baldwin	I'm like a fungus; you can't get rid of me.
Adam Baldwin	It was never the fame or fortune that drove me to act. It was something I love and enjoy doing it. A lot of people identify who they are by what they do and that's not me. It's what I do but not who I am. Who I am is a parent. I'm a family man.
Adam Baldwin	I just consider myself a piece of the puzzle and I'm lucky enough to be asked or invited to the party, if you will. I hope I can bring some laughs and grimaces to the fans.
Adam Baldwin	I tested for a couple of pilots, but they said I was too tall.
Adam Baldwin	I was involved with drama departments since the 5th grade. I played at it. It was an escape.
Adam Baldwin	I'm not much of a jokester.
Adam Baldwin	My heroes are the camera crew and the electricians. They work such long hours.
Adam Baldwin	You get a sense of how the show works and then let your personality take over.
Adam Baldwin	The only people who have control over their careers are the ones you see on the covers of magazines. Everyone else is just plodding along making a living. The key is not to live over your means and overdo it.
Adam Baldwin	The guys I grew up with, my cinematic heroes, have always been men of few words, but of action. Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach.
Adam Baldwin	I always did think that when I turned 40, I'd start coming into my own.
Adam Baldwin	I think work begets work.
Adam Baldwin	I'm no Leonardo DiCaprio.
Adam Baldwin	Stillness as a technique is still really captivating to me.
Adam Baldwin	What I try to do is to appreciate every job I have while I'm working on it.
Adam Baldwin	A lot of the television industry is so cookie-cutter. In general, there are so many shows that are easy and bland to watch. You can tune in at any time and know exactly where you are in the story arc because it's pretty much the same every week.
Adam Baldwin	I'm always looking, as an actor, for activities. I think it's far more interesting to watch what people do than what they say. You always want to watch behavior, because the dialogue as written by our illustrious leaders is great. Eminently playable.
Adam Davidson	Economics is all about consumption. People either spend money now or they use financial instruments - like bonds, stocks and savings accounts - so they can spend more later.
Adam Davidson	Hating Wall Street is an American tradition that dates back even to the days when Thomas Jefferson cursed that money lover Alexander Hamilton. And for centuries, the complaints about it have largely stayed the same: 'It does nothing! It creates chaos! It's a parasite that sucks hardworking Americans dry!'
Adam Davidson	When you see a merger between two giants in a declining industry, it can look like the financial version of a couple having a baby to save a marriage.
Adam Davidson	Poverty is not the simple result of bad geography, bad culture, bad history. It's the result of us: of the ways that people choose to organize their societies.
Adam Davidson	Holiday binge-buying has deep roots in American culture: department stores have been associating turkey gluttony with its spending equivalent since they began sponsoring Thanksgiving Day parades in the early 20th century.
Adam Davidson	The cardinal rule of taxation is that whatever you put a levy on, you'll inevitably get less of. Taxing corporate activity means less investing, less hiring, fewer jobs and a smaller economy, which hurts the rich, the poor and the middle class alike.
Adam Davidson	If an alien with an accounting degree touched down in America, it might conclude that we're a weird cult that spends 11 months living frugally and four crazy weeks buying tons of stuff we don't need. It wouldn't be entirely wrong, either.
Adam Davidson	'Reinventing the Bazaar,' by John McMillan, is a great and fun introduction to the wild variety and importance of markets throughout history and around the world. I finally understood how a Middle Eastern souk actually works economically and how to compare that to modern-day telecom-spectrum auctions. I love that book.
Adam Davidson	If the American government can't stand behind the dollar, the world's benchmark currency, then the global financial system will very likely enter a new era in which there is much less trade and much less economic growth. It would be, by most accounts, the largest self-imposed financial disaster in history.
Adam Davidson	In poor countries, the rich and powerful crush the poor and powerless.
Adam Davidson	Whenever you hear news about jobless claims or the unemployment rate, you should translate that in your mind to one simple phrase: Stay in school.
Adam Davidson	Economics is not a discipline that comes to correct answers - economies are too complex.
Adam Davidson	Lots of countries have great constitutions, but their leaders have a practice of ignoring the rules whenever they feel like it.
Adam Davidson	The economy works best when better ideas win out over worse ideas, harder work wins out over less work, when it's a fair fight in the marketplace.
Adam Davidson	Unlike physics, economists don't settle things. There seems to be plenty of room for different conclusions that are still accepted in the academy.
Adam Davidson	We can fight over what the taxation levels should be, but the tax system should be very, very simple and not distortionary.
Adam Davidson	When you cover the economy as a reporter, there's one part of the job that is always easy: finding economists who disagree.
Adam Davidson	The America that I think most Americans would want, most economists on the right or left would want, is one in which a smart, ambitious, hardworking person without a huge amount of resources has a pretty good shot, in the end, of beating out a less smart, less ambitious, less hardworking rich person.
Adam Davidson	The American dream always meant that anybody willing to put in a hard day's work could make a decent living. That's just not true anymore for people without at least some post-high school education.
Adam Davidson	The idea of confidence, of the emotions of the population, is an incredibly important one in economics. John Maynard Keynes called it 'animal spirit.' And if people are feeling generally good about the future, they're more likely to spend money, to start new companies; companies are more likely to hire people, make investments.
Adam Davidson	The economics profession advances by one confusing financial disaster at a time.
Adam Davidson	Most rich countries have reported increases in happiness as they become richer.
Adam Davidson	The so-called skills gap is really a gap in education, and that affects all of us.
Adam Davidson	Happiness quantification sounds a bit wishy-washy, sure, and through a series of carefully administered surveys across the globe, economists and psychologists have certainly confronted a fair number of sticky issues around how to measure, and even define, happiness.
Adam Davidson	Art is often valuable precisely because it isn't a sensible way to make money.
Adam Faith	I'd like to be a geneticist to be honest, but there are limits to what I can do now. For my dream to come true I'd have to be 20 years old again, heading off to a blue chip university.
Adam Faith	I'm working harder now than ever before. I couldn't turn down the BBC job because I've never been offered the opportunity of killing three or four people on screen before!
Adam Faith	I had a financial page to write in the Mail on Sunday where I'd give tips on shares. I worked there for two and a half years. Nothing compares to the burst of energy felt on a newsroom floor when a big story breaks.
Adam Ferguson	Every step and every movement of the multitude, even in what are termed enlightened ages, are made with equal blindness to the future; and nations stumble upon establishments, which are indeed the result of human action, but not the execution of any human design.
Adam Ferguson	In every commercial state, notwithstanding any pretension to equal rights, the exaltation of a few must depress the many.
Adam Ferguson	Man, in his animal capacity, is qualified to subsist in every climate.
Adam Ferguson	Like the winds that we come we know not whence and blow whither soever they list, the forces of society are derived from an obscure and distant origin. They arise before the date of philosophy, from the instincts, not the speculations of men.
Adam Ferguson	The artist finds, that the more he can confine his attention to a particular part of any work, his productions are the more perfect, and grow under his hands in the greater quantities.
Adam Ferguson	The history of mankind is confined within a limited period, and from every quarter brings an intimation that human affairs have had a beginning.
Adam Garcia	During 'Saturday Night Fever' at the end of the first act dance number I tried to perform a split-jump, only I can't do them so I ended up on my ass followed by the most unsightly backward roll out of it, followed by the cast falling over in laughter and a good portion of the audience too.
Adam Garcia	I love travelling, and had the pleasure of being in the most developed country in the world and then parts of two of the most pristine natural areas of the world: the Galapagos islands and the Equador Amazon jungle. The contrast was incredible.
Adam Garcia	I'm a loser on Sunday. Yeah, I'm a couch potato. I get up and try and eat and then back on the couch. And watch anything.
Adam Garcia	Well it's hard to remember who, but I drunk dial a lot.
Adam Garcia	If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice.
Adam Garcia	People do more important jobs than acting in film that should be recognised, but for some reason it's big money, so people are elevated in status. If I was a bus driver, I'm sure you wouldn't be interviewing me.
Adam Garcia	I was seeing this girl recently and used to call her up saying I missed her. I can't help it after a few drinks!
Adam Garcia	The most famous person in my phone is Lindsay Lohan. We starred in 'Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen' together in 2004 and we've stayed in touch.
Adam Garcia	At 15 I auditioned for 42nd Street in Australia. Dein Perry was in that show. I actually got the job but I couldn't do it because I was only 15. Legally I needed to have another 15-year-old to cover consecutive nights.
Adam Garcia	My favorite thing to do is to wind those guys up by hitting on their girlfriends. I say, 'I think your girlfriend's gorgeous, but it's all right, I'm gay.' They get very nervous after a few minutes!
Adam Garcia	I think 'Tap Dogs' has lasted so long because people have a natural interest in tap dancing. This form of dancing can't be dated, it's such an intriguing form of dance because the feet are also an an instrument.
Adam Garcia	Families, particularly, tend to be the ones that you take the most for granted. They seem to slip under the radar, all those important things - it almost becomes second nature to do so.
Adam Garcia	You eventually get used to looking at girls picking their leotards out of their bums and that sort of stuff.
Adam Garcia	I do like to keep mementos from my work, whether they be photos, the backs of make-up chairs or even props and clothes.
Adam Garcia	I don't care if people think I'm gay. I know I'm not, so it doesn't bother me.
Adam Garcia	I love 'Glee' so much. It just works - it's on the edge of ridiculous.
Adam Garcia	I started tapping and I was okay. Then after about two years my feet knew what they were doing!
Adam Garcia	I started with ballet and then my cousin Sarah introduced me to her tap teachers.
Adam Garcia	It's always fun teasing the person. When they ask if I'm gay, I say, 'Oh, I don't know.'
Adam Garcia	The process of rehearsal means you learn so much and really get the chance to develop your work on a character.
Adam Garcia	They spend an awful lot of money on I-don't-know-what in Hollywood movies; I certainly didn't get any of it. But they sure do love spending money.
Adam Garcia	They think my life is glamourous. It's not true. I obviously get to come in and do radio interviews. That's the glamour. But other than that, I eat and sleep and that's it. Eat, sleep and do shows.
Adam Hamilton	God seeks to influence humanity. This is at the heart of the Christmas story. It is the story of light coming into the darkness, of a Savior to show us the way, of light overcoming the darkness, of God's work to save the world.
Adam Hamilton	As a pastor, I have a deep desire to lead people to God and encourage people to pray, read the Bible, and carry their faith into every part of their lives.
Adam Hamilton	Jesus' own witness of sacrificial love and forgiveness, and his work to heal the sick and care for those in need, represent God's ways and vision for us.
Adam Hamilton	While some misuse their freedom to perpetrate evil, millions respond by feeling compelled to use their freedom to do good.
Adam Hamilton	I am a pastor, and I teach and preach the Bible to my congregation every week. But the Bible is not a manufacturer's handbook. Neither is it a science textbook nor a guidebook for public policy.
Adam Hamilton	The Bible calls us to love our neighbors, and to do justice and love kindness, not to indiscriminately kill one another.
Adam Hamilton	I love the Bible. I read it every day. I spend 10 hours a week studying it. It has affected my life in profound ways. I am inspired when I read it.
Adam Hamilton	If 'everything happens for a reason,' then every act of evil is ultimately God's doing.
Adam Hamilton	Christians believe that God is everywhere and is involved in our lives at every moment, whether we publicly acknowledge God or not.
Adam Hamilton	I'm convinced many of America's heroes are public school teachers and administrators. Many of these people do what they do because of their faith.
Adam Hamilton	In America our public schools are intended to be religiously neutral. Our teachers and schools are neither to endorse nor to inhibit religion. I believe this is a very good thing.
Adam Hamilton	Learning to read the Bible in the light of the times in which it was written is critical.
Adan Canto	I've always been fascinated by people, their psychology, what drives them and trying to understand them.
Adan Canto	I kind of stumbled into acting, even though I've always been fascinated by people and kind of their motives, and it's been amazing to me, everything I read before about psychology, philosophy, just to put it into practice somehow.
Adan Canto	In theater, you go in-depth with your character, so coming to the States, it was inevitable to dig into the pilots I liked. I knew what characters I was going to be reading for, so I would dissect them and really get involved with them.
Adan Canto	I never said that I wanted to be an actor when I was a kid. I didn't know. I thought I was going to be a singer and musician. That's what I had been doing, for a huge part of my life.
Adan Canto	Music, in Mexico, just wasn't working out. So, I fell into acting and I just fell in love with it. It was amazing! It was a great safe place to just vent.
Adan Canto	I'm a runner. Not a race runner, but I just love to run, and I don't think I've ever tasted such amazing food like I've tasted in the whole entire New York.
Adele	I like looking nice, but I always put comfort over fashion. I don't find thin girls attractive; be happy and healthy. I've never had a problem with the way I look. I'd rather have lunch with my friends than go to a gym.
Adele	Mum loves me being famous! She is so excited and proud, as she had me so young and couldn't support me, so I am living her dream, it's sweeter for both of us. It's her 40th birthday soon and I'm going to buy her 40 presents.
Adele	It's never been an issue for me - I don't want to go on a diet, I don't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing, why would I do that? I ain't got time for this, just be happy and don't be stupid. If I've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I'm not worried.
Adele	I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.
Adele	I have insecurities of course, but I don't hang out with anyone who points them out to me.
Adele	I've been singing properly every day since I was about fifteen or sixteen, and I have never had any problems with my voice, ever. I've had a sore throat here and there, had a cold and sung through it, but that day it just went while I was onstage in Paris during a radio show. It was literally like someone had pulled a curtain over it.
Adele	My voice went recently, never happened before, off like a tap. I had to sit in silence for nine days, chalkboard around my neck. Like an old-school mime. Like a kid in the naughty corner. Like a Victorian mute.
Adele	Heartbreak can definitely give you a deeper sensibility for writing songs. I drew on a lot of heartbreak when I was writing my first album, I didn't mean to but I just did.
Adele	I will not do festivals. The thought of an audience that big frightens the life out of me.
Adele	My life is full of drama, and I don't have time to worry about something as petty as what I look like.
Adele	I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
Adele	I don't write songs about a specific, elusive thing. I write about love, and everyone knows what it is like to have your heart broken.
Adele	Sometimes with pop music, you have to see it to love it. With soul music, it's sparse. There's nothing that's pretentious or planned. It's just so gutsy.
Adele	I'm really happy to be me, and I'd like to think people like me more because I'm happy with myself and not because I refuse to conform to anything.
Adele	I like having my hair and face done, but I'm not going to lose weight because someone tells me to. I make music to be a musician not to be on the cover of Playboy.
Adele	The focus on my appearance has really surprised me. I've always been a size 14 to 16, I don't care about clothes, I'd rather spend my money on cigarettes and booze.
Adele	I love a card. You know, cards? At birthdays? I collect them.
Adele	I have never been insecure, ever, about how I look, about what I want to do with myself. My mum told me to only ever do things for myself, not for others.
Adele	I've never been more normal than I am now.
Adele	I've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines. I represent the majority of women and I'm very proud of that.
Adele	I am never writing a breakup record again, by the way. I'm done with being a bitter witch.
Adele	I am quite loud and bolshie. I'm a big personality. I walk into a room, big and tall and loud.
Adele	You have to prioritize what you stress about when you have a child.
Adele	Crying is really bad for your vocal cords.
Adele	I don't really need to stand out, there's room for everyone. Although I haven't built a niche yet, I'm just writing love songs.
Adolf Eichmann	I was one of the many horses pulling the wagon and couldn't escape left or right because of the will of the driver.
Adolf Eichmann	Now that I look back, I realize that a life predicated on being obedient and taking orders is a very comfortable life indeed. Living in such a way reduces to a minimum one's need to think.
Adolf Eichmann	To sum it all up, I must say that I regret nothing.
Adolf Eichmann	We shall meet again. I have believed in God. I obeyed the laws of war and was loyal to my flag.
Adolf Galland	It's unbelievable what one squadron of twelve aircraft did to tip the balance.
Adolf Galland	According to Goering and the Luftwaffe High Command, they were supposed to be the fighter elite.
Adolf Galland	I would like to mention that I have flown the 262 first in May '43. At this time, the aircraft was completely secret. I first knew of the existence of this aircraft only early in '42 - even in my position. This aircraft didn't have any priority in design or production.
Adolf Galland	If we would have had the 262 at our disposal - even with all the delays - if we could have had in '44, ah, let's say three hundred operational, that day we could have stopped the American daytime bombing offensive, that's for sure.
Adolf Galland	Many pilots of the time were the opinion that a fighter pilot in a closed cockpit was an impossible thing, because you should smell the enemy. You could smell them because of the oil they were burning.
Adolf Galland	When I was fired from my post as General of the Fighter Arm, I was to give proof that this jet was a superior fighter. And that's when we did it. I think we did it.
Adolf Galland	And most of these pilots were lost during the first five flights.
Adolf Galland	I could not claim them because I was not supposed to be flying in combat.
Adolf Galland	I had to inspect all fighter units in Russia, Africa, Sicily, France, and Norway. I had to be everywhere.
Adolf Galland	I made a written report which is still today in existence. I have a photocopy of it, and I am saying that in production this aircraft could perhaps substitute for three propeller- driven aircraft of the best existing type. This was my impression.
Adolf Galland	Of course, the outcome of the war would not have been changed. The war was lost perhaps, when it was started. At least it was lost in the winter of '42, in Russia.
Adolf Galland	We had at our disposal the first operational jet, which superseded by at least 150 knots the fastest American and English fighters. This was a unique situation.
Adolf Galland	We have built a total of about 1250 of this aircraft, but only fifty were allowed to be used as fighters - as interceptors. And out of this fifty, there were never more than 25 operational. So we had only a very, very few.
Adolf Galland	Nine g's is good, if the pilot can stand it. We couldn't stand it. Not in the airplanes of World War II.
Adolf Galland	This would only come if you have a revolutionary change in technology like the jet brought about.
Adolf Galland	The throttles could only move very, very slowly, always watching the temperature, always watching. And even in throttling back, you could bust it, even being very careful.
Adrian Edmondson	We had so much fun in Ghana and they are really lovely people.
Adrian Edmondson	On stage, we just want to generate hysteria. We don't care about looking cool or posing.
Adrian Edmondson	A lot of people are obsessed with looking cool. They feel they have to look after their image.
Adrian Edmondson	Performers like Tommy Cooper, who are always getting things wrong, are much more endearing than comedians who are sassy and smart.
Adrian Edmondson	I've always had a kind of visual eye, and it was a pleasant exercise for that.
Adrian Edmondson	There is a lot of rubbish written about toilet humour - people saying it is childish and pretending it is beneath them - but there is no doubting the effectiveness of a really good willy gag.
Adrian Edmondson	From the stage I've seen people of all ages absolutely roaring at really good toilet humour.
Adrian Edmondson	I'm waiting for the time when I fail - because we all fail - and I'm ready, I'll take up carpentry.
Adrian Edmondson	I've never played a hero before so I jumped at the chance.
Adrian Edmondson	Richie and Eddie couldn't exist without each other. They're two halves of the same person.
Adrian Edmondson	I don't claim that our TV comedies are highbrow in anyway, but I think there's a basis to them, and that's why they're more popular than other TV comedies. There's a basis of truth in them, a gut feeling.
Adrian Edmondson	We only have one agenda, which is to make 'em laugh their pants off. Unless they are girls, of course, when it is to make them laugh their bras off so we can get a quick look.
Adrian Edmondson	It only works because we still amuse each other. After we have been working with other people, it is so refreshing to laugh unreservedly when we are back together again.
Adrian Edmondson	Even though we work in the same field, we have an intense private life away from our professional lives.
Adrian Edmondson	Most modern comedy is crap.
Adrian Edmondson	The most fun I ever have is sitting in with Rick writing, and we laugh at our own jokes.
Adrian Edmondson	We have never been strictly political, only strictly funny.
Adrian Edmondson	You're entering dangerous land when you start theorising about comedy.
Adrian Edmondson	People expect us to be different, but we're not. We're very similar people, and it's because we're so similar and close to each other that we make each other laugh - in fact we make each other laugh more than we make anyone else laugh.
Adrian Edmondson	I remember once having to stop performing when I thought an elderly man a few rows back from the front was actually going to die because he was laughing so hard.
Adrian Edmondson	It's definitely time to stop. We're getting too old. We both realised that the show wasn't as engaging as it used to be. We were starting to look a bit ridiculous.
Adrienne Bailon	Autism doesn't have to define a person. Artists with autism are like anyone else: They define themselves through hard work and individuality.
Adrienne Bailon	Don't ever give up. Believe in yourself or no one else will. My personal saying is: 'I'd rather die knowing that I tried to do what I love.'
Adrienne Bailon	When I was 19 years old, I actually did get breast implants. Probably one of my greatest regrets because I went from having an insecurity that I didn't have big breasts to now looking like a porn star, and I was like, 'This is not great.'
Adrienne Bailon	Autism currently affects one in 88 children in the U.S., and its prevalence continues to rise. That's why it's important to help organizations like Autism Speaks raise awareness and funds to support families and individuals impacted by it.
Adrienne Bailon	When my hair is curly, I use Suave coconut conditioner. It's not a leave-in, but I use it like one. It is so light and really brings out my hair's curl. A lot of leave-ins are too heavy, but this one is just perfect. When it's straight, I love Frederick Fekkai Tech Shampoo & Conditioner and their Olive Oil glossing cream.
Adrienne Bailon	A friend of mine works for Autism Speaks. It's an amazing cause that is making a real difference in the lives of so many people.
Adrienne Bailon	Do you know how many times my career has been close to rock bottom? Each time, I was like, 'Girl, figure it out. Reinvent yourself.'
Adrienne Bailon	I am personally am a fan of buff nails - not so much of clear polish, but a great buff nail is amazing.
Adrienne Bailon	I don't love duck nails, where the nails are really wide on top. I am not a fan of that!
Adrienne Bailon	I see my sister, and she's on her second baby, and I'm like, 'That's success.' Having a family - I can't wait for that.
Adrienne Bailon	I think for such a long time people had this misconception of who I was and what I was about.
Adrienne Bailon	I think the most important thing that I've learned is that you live and you learn. Try not to make the same mistakes twice.
Adrienne Bailon	I want a family. I see my sister, and she's on her second baby, and I'm like, 'That's success.' Having a family - I can't wait for that.
Adrienne Bailon	I'm huge fan of 'Timeflies.'
Adrienne Bailon	One of my goals is to have this incredible body. I want to be strong, to be ripped.
Adrienne Bailon	Understand that life is journey. I haven't achieved the success I wanted to achieve yet, but that's OK - it's coming.
Adrienne Bailon	Do you know how many times my career has been close to rock bottom? Each time, I was like, 'Girl, figure it out. Reinvent yourself.' Just the other day, I was having lunch with my mom, and she said, 'You've taught me so much. You are so resilient.'
Adrienne Bailon	Getting your nails done with your man is so much fun. Having them help you out choosing the color, I love that. I think it's great to get a man's perspective on nails and to sit there to get your nails done with him.
Adrienne Bailon	I feel like in L.A., you wake up, you put your diamond studs on, put your workout gear, your cute shades, and it is kind of the outfit you stay in the entire day.
Adrienne Bailon	I have an odd fetish with nails. I was always doing beauty blogs about nails, and it would be on Fridays called 'Friday's Fingertip Fetish.' It became so popular that a nail polish company approached me, and Fingertip Fetish was born.
Adrienne Bailon	I honestly really, really love Topshop. I've bought a lot of booties from there. I think they have a great selection of really funky booties at Topshop.
Adrienne Bailon	I honestly really, really love Topshop. I've bought a lot of booties from there. I think they have a great selection of really funky booties at Topshop. My splurge would be a pair of leather Christian Louboutin over-the-knee boots. They're sick! I would do a really stretchy skinny jean under a black turtleneck and call it a day!
Adrienne Bailon	I think The 'Cheetah Girls' was originally supposed to be one film, but then it became two and three, which was a huge deal. But like all Disney franchises, they have to come to an end at some point. I was so grateful we went out with a bang. I think we died off peacefully.
Adrienne Bailon	One of my favorite fall items is a turtleneck. Cozy pieces like that for the fall - cashmere, fluffy cream turtlenecks - I think that's so sexy.
Adrienne Bailon	I think I'm a pretty open book. We're all a work in progress, and I'm not ashamed to say that I don't have it all together - I don't really think anyone does.
Aeschines	For then only will you be strong, when you cherish the laws, and when the revolutionary attempts of lawless men shall have ceased.
Aeschines	Be assured, fellow citizens, that in a democracy it is the laws that guard the person of the citizen and the constitution of the state, whereas the despot and the oligarch find their protection in suspicion and in armed guards.
Aeschylus	From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Aeschylus	He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
Aeschylus	Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
Aeschylus	There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.
Aeschylus	God lends a helping hand to the man who tries hard.
Aeschylus	I have learned to hate all traitors, and there is no disease that I spit on more than treachery.
Aeschylus	For the poison of hatred seated near the heart doubles the burden for the one who suffers the disease; he is burdened with his own sorrow, and groans on seeing another's happiness.
Aeschylus	God always strives together with those who strive.
Aeschylus	Time brings all things to pass.
Aeschylus	God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Aeschylus	You have been trapped in the inescapable net of ruin by your own want of sense.
Aeschylus	What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest?
Aeschylus	Bronze in the mirror of the form, wine of the mind.
Aeschylus	The words of truth are simple.
Aeschylus	There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
Aeschylus	It is not the oath that makes us believe the man, but the man the oath.
Aeschylus	But time growing old teaches all things.
Aeschylus	And one who is just of his own free will shall not lack for happiness; and he will never come to utter ruin.
Aeschylus	What atonement is there for blood spilt upon the earth?
Aeschylus	It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered.
Aeschylus	Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Aeschylus	Be bold and boast, just like the cock beside the hen.
Aeschylus	Ah, lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture; when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting.
Aeschylus	For know that no one is free, except Zeus.
Aeschylus	I know how men in exile feed on dreams.
Aesop	No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop	Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Aesop	Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
Aesop	A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Aesop	Appearances are often deceiving.
Aesop	It is not only fine feathers that make fine birds.
Aesop	Affairs are easier of entrance than of exit; and it is but common prudence to see our way out before we venture in.
Aesop	We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.
Aesop	The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
Aesop	The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over.
Aesop	A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
Aesop	After all is said and done, more is said than done.
Aesop	It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Aesop	We should look to the mind, and not to the outward appearance.
Aesop	Don't let your special character and values, the secret that you know and no one else does, the truth - don't let that get swallowed up by the great chewing complacency.
Aesop	United we stand, divided we fall.
Aesop	Please all, and you will please none.
Aesop	The unhappy derive comfort from the misfortunes of others.
Aesop	Example is the best precept.
Aesop	The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
Aesop	Our insignificance is often the cause of our safety.
Aesop	Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
Aesop	People often grudge others what they cannot enjoy themselves.
Aesop	We often give our enemies the means for our own destruction.
Aesop	Adventure is worthwhile.
Afrika Bambaataa	The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
Afrika Bambaataa	The only thing I want is to awaken all humans on the planet that we are living on Mother Earth.
Afrika Bambaataa	You want to buy cars and houses and castles, all of that's on you and how America has systematized your mind to be into materialism. Hip-hop ain't got nothing to do with that. I'm glad that anybody making money has picked themselves up - I just want them to give some of it back to the community.
Afrika Bambaataa	November is Hip-Hop History Month, where we give celebration to what hip hop has done to bring together people of the world, people of all nationalities, young people, all the political systems and politicians on the planet.
Afrika Bambaataa	We want you to sit down and leave your egos at home and let's get an understanding as to where all this is foolishness coming from. There are others who are putting things out there or throwing a stick and hiding their hand and keeping things built up in the media.
Afrika Bambaataa	A lot of times, when people say hip-hop, they don't know what they're talking about. They just think of the rappers. When you talk about hip-hop, you're talking about the whole culture and movement. You have to take the whole culture for what it is.
Afrika Bambaataa	Everybody needs to show respect to each others' ways and the cultural life that you get on this planet. Don't get caught up on 'I'm brown, black, white, red, blue, whatever.' You gotta ask, what were you called before 1492? All these names we're using now are just an illusion made to keep us fighting each other.
Afrika Bambaataa	All music is dance music. But when people think of dance music, they think of techno or just house. Anything you can dance to is dance music. I don't care if it's classical, funk, salsa, reggae, calypso; it's all dance music.
Afrika Bambaataa	You treat people with greatness and greatness will come back to you.
Afrika Bambaataa	How you act, walk, look and talk is all part of Hip Hop culture. And the music is colorless. Hip Hop music is made from Black, brown, yellow, red and white.
Afrika Bambaataa	It ain't no joke when you lose your vinyl.
Afrika Bambaataa	My definition of hip hop is taking elements from many other spheres of music to make hip hop. Whether it be breakbeat, whether it be the groove and grunt of James Brown or the pickle-pop sounds of Kraftwerk or Yellow Magic Orchestra, hip hop is also part of what they call hip-house now, or trip hop, or even parts of drum n' bass.
Afrika Bambaataa	I'm as old as the moon and the stars, and as young as the trees and the lakes. My style comes from looking at what came before me, and from visiting a lot of places.
Afrika Bambaataa	They allow us to disrespect our Black woman. A lot of these things would be considered criminal if it were to be carried out in the streets. That's like when they tell you after you buy your VHS and you rent movies they tell you not to copy the movies.
Afrika Bambaataa	I am one of the founders of Hip-Hop along with my brothers Kool DJ Herc and Grandmaster Flash.
Afrika Bambaataa	I'm the renegade of funk. I've made house, techno, rock, funk, reggae... That's why I've been on so many different labels.
Afrika Bambaataa	I wear anything of culture, from the Earth or beyond. The whole planet is my shop.
Afrika Bambaataa	There's a lot of people over time who have brought out all these funky records that everybody has started jumping on like a catch phrase... When Planet Rock came out, then you had all of the electro funk records.
Afrika Bambaataa	Hip-hop has been hijacked by a Luciferian conspiracy. People have used hip-hop in a lot of ways that cause a lot of mind problems. They use the word wrongfully. They use it to mean a part instead of a whole.
Afrika Bambaataa	I'm fanatical about movies: African, European, Viking, Roman. I got into witchcraft and magic from watching 'Bewitched' and 'The Wizard of Oz,' which shows in some of my outfits. I dress to reflect the whole spectrum of the universe.
Afrika Bambaataa	If you see something is going wrong within politics and the world today, then some Hip Hop artist is gonna come along and get straight with it. If they think that there's a lot of racism going on then there's another Hip Hop artist who's gonna come out and speak their mind.
Afrika Bambaataa	We used to play a lot of Fela Kuti in the early days of hip-hop. In my DJ sets I'll jump off into rock, salsa, African. I like to play some crazy stuff and see the vibrations of the people.
Afrika Bambaataa	We also want to try and slow down all this foolishness that's going on between the East and West. We gotta understand that Hip Hop is now universal. Hip Hop is not East coast or West coast.
Afrika Bambaataa	When you talk about rap you have to understand that rap is part of the Hip-Hop culture.
Afrika Bambaataa	Actually freestyle really comes from 'Planet Rock'. If you listen to all the freestyle records you'll hear that they are based on 'Planet Rock'. All the Miami Bass records are based upon Planet Rock.
Afrojack	People need realness, reality. People can sense when someone is being pretentious or fake. It's because you feel it; you see it in someone's body language.
Afrojack	For me, it's a great thing to tell people anything is possible. When I was 15, people told me 'You're not going to be a DJ.'
Afrojack	Maybe one day there will finally be an education for electronic music.
Afrojack	One of the reasons why my album is called 'Forget the World' is because when you listen to the world, you make stupid mistakes.
Afrojack	I have been fully involved in designing my stage shows; it's important to me to do something really unique and almost off-the-wall to bring the music and the visuals together. I love design and actually went to school for a bit for graphic design, so it isn't so much 'pressure' for me; it's a way to be creative, and I really enjoy it.
Afrojack	I was in school - I was a good learner; if I wanted to get something done, I could get it done. I was lazy, though. I was always, like, sort of an outcast. And when I got home, I was always doing music, but when I was doing music, no one was there to judge it, you know? It was just me in my bedroom. It gave me freedom and made me happy.
Afrojack	My debut album, 'Forget the World,' is all about not listening to the negativity around you and to continue to do what you love, no matter what people think. I love what I do. Dance music is my passion, my life. There is no greater feeling than being one with my fans, partying to the music we love.
Afrojack	People buy a ticket to see your show, so from the moment I get onstage, I can have no insecurities, because they're already there. You have to get people to listen. If they listen, everything's cool.
Afrojack	Cars for me are like a piece of art.
Afrojack	Every song, every form of art, clothing, shoes, it has to be special.
Afrojack	Holland is to dance music what Nashville is to country.
Afrojack	I actually did a remix for Katy Perry, and her management didn't respond.
Afrojack	I always loved cars. I used to play 'Need for Speed' all the time... any racing game.
Afrojack	I even have shoes that don't fit. They're just so cool, I wanted to have them.
Afrojack	I have a living room full of clothes. It's insane.
Afrojack	I want to make an album my grandma and my fans are going to like. I want to make my grandma understand a drop and make club fans understand a song.
Afrojack	I'm a DJ who makes dance music who got to play with Sting.
Afrojack	I'm a DJ, but I'm also a ridiculously high-grossing musician due to doing productions.
Afrojack	I'm a producer for fun. I'm not a professional schooled musician or anything.
Afrojack	If you really want a radio station to play your song, go to that radio station every day with that song in your hand and say, 'Please play it.'
Afrojack	Most music that comes out of Holland is basically the harder part of dance music - hip-hop, drum'n'bass.
Afrojack	The coolest things in life are things that you have not done before. That's the key to life: new things always.
Afrojack	The only person you need to be credible to is yourself. When you stand in front of the mirror and nobody is watching, are you happy with yourself?
Afrojack	The only thing you can do to lead a crowd is prove your passion to them.
Afrojack	The only way you can be happy is if you be completely yourself. You have to be you. Don't be what you think you should be.
Agatha Christie	One of the luckiest things that can happen to you in life is, I think, to have a happy childhood.
Agatha Christie	Very few of us are what we seem.
Agatha Christie	One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.
Agatha Christie	I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Agatha Christie	Too much mercy... often resulted in further crimes which were fatal to innocent victims who need not have been victims if justice had been put first and mercy second.
Agatha Christie	Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
Agatha Christie	Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.
Agatha Christie	An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
Agatha Christie	I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Agatha Christie	I don't think necessity is the mother of invention. Invention, in my opinion, arises directly from idleness, possibly also from laziness - to save oneself trouble.
Agatha Christie	Everything that has existed, lingers in the Eternity.
Agatha Christie	Dogs are wise. They crawl away into a quiet corner and lick their wounds and do not rejoin the world until they are whole once more.
Agatha Christie	Any woman can fool a man if she wants to and if he's in love with her.
Agatha Christie	It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them.
Agatha Christie	The best time to plan a book is while you're doing the dishes.
Agatha Christie	Most successes are unhappy. That's why they are successes - they have to reassure themselves about themselves by achieving something that the world will notice.
Agatha Christie	Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
Agatha Christie	But surely for everything you have to love you have to pay some price.
Agatha Christie	There's too much tendency to attribute to God the evils that man does of his own free will.
Agatha Christie	If one sticks too rigidly to one's principles, one would hardly see anybody.
Agatha Christie	Never do anything yourself that others can do for you.
Agatha Christie	It is ridiculous to set a detective story in New York City. New York City is itself a detective story.
Agatha Christie	There is nothing more thrilling in this world, I think, than having a child that is yours, and yet is mysteriously a stranger.
Agatha Christie	The popular idea that a child forgets easily is not an accurate one. Many people go right through life in the grip of an idea which has been impressed on them in very tender years.
Agatha Christie	The happy people are failures because they are on such good terms with themselves they don't give a damn.
Agnetha Faltskog	My path has not been determined. I shall have more experiences and pass many more milestones.
Agnetha Faltskog	There is a danger of changing too much in the search for perfection.
Agnetha Faltskog	I can spot empty flattery and know exactly where I stand. In the end it's really only my own approval or disapproval that means anything.
Agnetha Faltskog	It's strange that the newspapers don't see a connection between their false revelations about my private life and my need for seclusion and security.
Agnetha Faltskog	I just want to live in peace and quiet.
Agnetha Faltskog	I have always had strong maternal instincts. Even when I was still a child I cut out pictures of prams from newspapers and imagined the feeling of pushing my own pram through fresh winter snow and seeing the wheels' tracks behind me in the snow.
Agnetha Faltskog	It has always felt like a failure that Bjorn and I couldn't keep our family together. You never get it back, but to this day I don't regret splitting up. The reason behind our separation is one of those things I definitely don't want to go into!
Agnetha Faltskog	I must be allowed to be as I am.
Agnetha Faltskog	I would like to sing the theme tune of a big film - something like 'Titanic.'
Agnetha Faltskog	There was a time when the music fell silent. Both within me and around me.
Agnetha Faltskog	When I was 25, Abba was formed. After Abba I made three solo albums. Maybe I have been productive enough.
Agnetha Faltskog	I have one pug and one Czechoslovakian dog called Prazsky krysarik.
Agnetha Faltskog	My life contains so many other things; I have my children, my grandchildren, my two dogs and a big place in the country. I have my own life.
Agnetha Faltskog	The press has always written that I am a recluse and a mysterious woman, but I am more down-to-earth than they think.
Agnetha Faltskog	When I'm living in the world of luxury and celebrity, which is where I found myself for a large part of my life, it's a walk-on part. Not a vital necessity, like it is for so many people. I enjoy it but I can see right through it!
Agnetha Faltskog	No one who has experienced facing a screaming, boiling, hysterical audience can avoid feeling shivers in the spine. It's a thin line between celebration and menace.
Agnetha Faltskog	I may have aimed too high sometimes, asked too much of myself and demanded too little from those around me.
Agnetha Faltskog	This idea of trying to repeat a success doesn't interest me. It's only really done to make money.
Agnetha Faltskog	When I was 15 I became a full-time singer in a band. At 18 I made my first record.
Agnetha Faltskog	I sing just for fun.
Agnetha Faltskog	I'm a country bumpkin. I'm not a showgirl.
Agnetha Faltskog	When you love someone, and you've lost that one, then nothing really matters.
Agnetha Faltskog	I am uninterested in appearing in newspapers and on television. Many people think I am striking a pose - that I want to create a sense of shyness. But it's just not something I want to do. I overdosed.
Agnetha Faltskog	I spend a lot of time with the grandchildren. They love it when we sing together. It's fantastic to hear them, and they really can sing. I don't talk to them so much about 'Abba' and the past, but as they get older, they will become more aware.
Agnetha Faltskog	I used to suffer from stage fright, which at times was an ordeal. I won't perform live again. I'm going to do some TV shows and videos but nothing else... I don't like to travel too much or do concerts. I'm more of a studio and home girl.
Ahmad Jamal	I would like to be a scholar in whatever I do, a scholar is never finished, he is always seeking and I am always seeking.
Ahmad Jamal	The quickest way to become troubled is to be concerned with what people are gonna say about your life and your work.
Ahmad Jamal	Many fail to realize this great recording industry was built by so-called jazz artists. And at the other end of the spectrum, a base in European classical music as well.
Ahmad Jamal	You've got a big, big problem if you get caught up in what people say. If you're gonna live for what people say, you might as well lay down and forget it. Because it doesn't work that way.
Aimee Garcia	It's so exciting to headline a film. It's not every day you see a Latina carrying a full-length feature.
Aimee Garcia	Latinos are the fastest growing minority, and we're obviously not going anywhere. We're extremely loyal as a people, and I think Hollywood is starting to recognize that. It's very rare for a major studio to nationally distribute a film with Latino talent, not only in front of the camera, but also behind the camera.
Aimee Garcia	I felt completely at home in Mexico - speaking Spanish to my cousins, running around Acapulco and stuffing my face with mole and homemade tortillas. Mexico opened my heart.
Aimee Garcia	In 'George Lopez', I played Veronica who's a bratty 18-year-old, and so I feel like it's much easier for me to play that because I feel like a late bloomer. It wasn't difficult or challenging at all because it's not like I haven't been a teenager.
Aimee Garcia	I'm dating a very high-maintenance career.
Aimee Garcia	I have been a fan of Dexter since the pilot. Once I got the audition I just squealed, and you would have thought I just won 45 million dollars.
Aimee Garcia	When I was a kid, it wasn't very often that I could go to the movies and see an entire movie carried on the shoulders of someone who looked like me.
Aimee Garcia	Education equals choices. I have been blessed with the choice to be anything I ever wanted to be, and I truly owe my happiness to my family and education.
Aimee Garcia	I always promised myself if I ever got the chance to do a 'Flashdance'-type of movie, I would do my own dancing. I can say with pride that every single dance move in 'Go For It!' is my own dance move.
Aimee Garcia	To me, acting is like tennis. You're only as good as the person you're playing with, so if you're playing with Michael C. Hall, what do you have to worry about?
Al Capone	Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class.
Al Capone	I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.
Al Capone	I don't even know what street Canada is on.
Al Capone	I have built my organization upon fear.
Al Capone	My rackets are run on strictly American lines and they're going to stay that way.
Al Capone	Now I know why tigers eat their young.
Al Capone	Prohibition has made nothing but trouble.
Al Capone	This American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it capitalism, call it what you will, gives each and every one of us a great opportunity if we only seize it with both hands and make the most of it.
Al Capone	Vote early and vote often.
Al Capone	When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
Al Capone	You can get much farther with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
Al Capp	Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work.
Al Capp	Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Al Capp	Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.
Al Capp	The secret of how to live without resentment or embarrassment in a world in which I was different from everyone else. was to be indifferent to that difference.
Al Capp	The public is like a piano. You just have to know what keys to poke.
Al Capp	Today's younger generation is no worse than my own. We were just as ignorant and repulsive as they are, but nobody listened to us.
Al Capp	Young people should be helped, sheltered, ignored, and clubbed if necessary.
Al Capp	There are certain books in the world which every searcher for truth must know: the Bible, the Critique of Pure Reason, the Origin of Species, and Karl Marx's Capital.
Al Capp	Like all New York hotel lady cashiers she had red hair and had been disappointed in her first husband.
Al Capp	My work is being destroyed almost as soon as it is printed. One day it is being read; the next day someone's wrapping fish in it.
Al Capp	Any place that anyone can learn something useful from someone with experience is an educational institution.
Al D'Amato	We've got to win this battle, and we will. We have to win the peace.
Al D'Amato	As an Italian-American, I have a special responsibility to be sensitive to ethnic stereotypes.
Al D'Amato	Those allies who failed to join us will regret it. They're making a mistake.
Al D'Amato	No. 1, Halliburton. Certainly, if they've overcharged they should be whacked and whacked good, but the idea that the vice president somehow is involved in this, whether they got contracts because of him, that's nonsense.
Al D'Amato	The fact is that the economy is really posed for the kind of recovery that people can see and understand.
Al D'Amato	Now the fact that terrorists throughout the world see this as an opportunity to defeat the United States, we have to be - and every Democratic candidate, even those who opposed us going in, now say we just simply can't cut and run.
Al D'Amato	You have to go to where you can make money, and you see in the service area, in the technological area, those are the areas where we're going to create jobs.
Alain Badiou	Liberal capitalism is not at all the Good of humanity. Quite the contrary; it is the vehicle of savage, destructive nihilism.
Alain Badiou	There is a kind of serenity in love which is almost a paradise.
Alain Badiou	A Truth is the subjective development of that which is at once both new and universal. New: that which is unforeseen by the order of creation. Universal: that which can interest, rightly, every human individual, according to his pure humanity.
Alain Badiou	Evil is the interruption of a truth by the pressure of particular or individual interests.
Alain Badiou	Everybody says love is about finding the person who is right for me and then everything will be fine. But it's not like that. It involves work. An old man tells you this!
Alain Badiou	The declaration of love marks the transition from chance to destiny, and that's why it is so perilous and so burdened with a kind of horrifying stage fright.
Alain Badiou	Evil is the moment when I lack the strength to be true to the Good that compels me.
Alain Badiou	I feel really assured by the fact that the women I have loved I have loved for always.
Alan Ball	In my own life, I think legends of supernatural, mythic things are really just a manifestation of the collective unconscious. So I don't really get freaked out. I mean certainly, you read about things people did to each other in the pursuit of some mystical or occult goal, and it's horrifying. But that's just human nature.
Alan Ball	I was conveniently bisexual for a long time, and then I went, 'Come on, who am I kidding?' And I have to say, it was the single biggest step I took toward emotional well-being, to stop feeling like I had to hide who I am.
Alan Ball	It's easy to look at the vampires as a metaphor for any feared or misunderstood group. It's also easy to look at them as a metaphor for a shadow organization that says one thing and has a completely different agenda on their mind, and anybody who gets in their way, they just get rid of them. Does that sound familiar?
Alan Ball	I guess in America we're so sold on this ideal of the perfect, well-adjusted family that is able to confront any conflict and, with true love and understanding, work things through. I'm sure they do exist, but I never knew any of them.
Alan Ball	There is a fetishization of victimization in our culture. And I just am not interested in victimhood.
Alan Ball	Life is suffering. We have desires and expectations and egos, and we compare the reality we have, which is miraculous and wondrous, with this reality we desire. That somehow distances us from actually taking part fully with the reality we do have, and that creates suffering. For me, the thing that I love is that it's all about the present moment.
Alan Ball	I'm at the point in my life where I don't want to work as hard. Actually, I've had to take a good hard look at workaholism and it's effect on one's mental health.
Alan Ball	I believe forgiveness is possible for everybody, for everything, but I'm a Buddhist.
Alan Ball	Vampires are total sexual metaphors; there's just no way around that.
Alan Ball	I think it's very difficult, and it requires a tremendous amount of spiritual integrity and discipline, to not be a narcissist in a culture that encourages it every step of the way.
Alan Ball	I'm 53. I don't care about high school students. I find them irritating and uninformed.
Alan Ball	Racism is ridiculous no matter where it's coming from.
Alan Ball	We live in a time where there's an alienation factor. There's a certain disconnection. We don't have any real sense of community anymore.
Alan Ball	I certainly believe that what we perceive as humans is just the tip of the iceberg. I don't necessarily believe in vampires or werewolves or that kind of thing, but I believe there is definitely a realm we don't necessarily have access to.
Alan Ball	I'm aware of 'Twilight,' but I've never seen the movies or read any of the books. Frankly, the story leaves me cold - why do a vampire story about abstinence?
Alan Ball	We live in a patriarchal culture. It's okay for women to be objectified but not for men.
Alan Ball	I'm a Buddhist, so one of my biggest beliefs is, 'Everything changes, don't take it personally.'
Alan Ball	Death is a companion for all of us, whether we acknowledge it or not, whether we're aware of it or not, and it's not necessarily a terrible thing.
Alan Ball	The difference between film and TV is the pace. You don't have the leisure of time in television.
Alan Ball	I think sexuality is a window into someone's soul.
Alan Ball	I think vampires are a timeless powerful archetype that can tap into people's psyches.
Alan Ball	And as I stumbled onto Eastern philosophy and Buddhism, it was the first time I had ever read any sort of philosophy that really made a tremendous amount of sense. What I liked that was missing from my experience of Christianity growing up was a sort of acceptance, a sort of being OK with being imperfect and not focusing on the sin.
Alan Ball	I would say try to tell stories that you care about as opposed to stories that you think will sell.
Alan Ball	Not everything is going to be successful. To strive for that is really naive. You just do the best you can do.
Alan Ball	I always choose to look, as much as one can, at the supernatural not being something that exists outside of nature, but a deeper, fundamental heart of nature that perhaps humans... have lost touch with. It's a more primal thing than perhaps we are attuned to in our modern, self-aware way of life.
Alan Dale	When I moved to Los Angeles, aged 54, I printed out Winston Churchill's phrase, 'Never, never, never give up', and stuck it on my fridge. I had no idea what was going to happen, but I knew I had to keep on going.
Alan Dale	I was doing a late-night round as a milkman in 1978 when I heard a radio DJ announce that he was leaving. I marched straight to the radio station and told them I could do better. For some reason, they gave me a go.
Alan Dale	I did a production of Macbeth in the 1960s in which I had a swordfight in the final scene. But the blade fell off my sword just as I was stabbing the guy. I ended up having to hammer him to death.
Alan Dale	My wife says I'm much happier when I'm not a regular on a TV show.
Alan Dale	When you're tied to one show, you are very much at the mercy of the writers, so you can suddenly get a script where you have a heart attack and die.
Alan Dale	I came to the United States to see what would happen in 2000 after working for 20 years in Australia and asked my agent to look out for the nasty roles because I'd become famous for playing the nicest man in Australia. So I wanted to play bad guys.
Alan Davies	I like pubs too, but it's hard for me to go and get proper bladdered in the way I used to. I don't want to moan about being recognised but I do get a bit of grief sometimes.
Alan Davies	There's a lot to do when you're a kid - spiders to catch, girls to poke in the eye - stuff to be getting on with.
Alan Davies	I don't drive around London much. Any journey around Islington involves hundreds of speed bumps that seem to tear the bottom of your car off.
Alan Davies	I was hugely disappointed that 'Whites' was cancelled.
Alan Davies	I'm quite a curious person. I don't mind being the one who doesn't know things, a role I often play in QI.
Alan Davies	The principle that light can be in two places at the same time is absolutely extraordinary.
Alan Davies	My favourite restaurant is the Thai Corner Cafe on St Paul's Road. We go there all the time. I shouldn't really mention it - I don't want it to be chock-a-block.
Alan Davies	The one I remember is going into London, as it was for us in Essex, on New Year's Eve in 1981. There were four of us and we'd had a few lagers on the way. One of my mates threw up in the Tube and then stood up and fell over in it. We thought it was the funniest thing we'd ever seen.
Alan Davies	The thing I'd really like to see is the old London Bridge, with all the old buildings around it like Shakespeare's Globe. I'd like to walk along that. Don't worry, I won't get drunk and fall in.
Alan Davies	I liked the idea of all of humanity fitting inside a sugar cube because more than 99.9% of matter is space.
Alan Davies	I see myself as a comic but the acting helps sell tickets for gigs.
Alan Davies	I'm more inclined to linger in the science pages of 'The Week' magazine. But my principle obsessions are still watching sitcoms and football.
Alan Davies	I'm not a great shopper but I do buy a lot of books. I'm the publishers' friend - I buy a hundred books a year and read four.
Alan Jackson	What I enjoy doing more than anything is, I have my little antique car collection, and when the weather is pretty I like to get out one of my old cars. I have a little route I run down in the country, down Nachez Trace Parkway. The loop down through there is just really relaxing, not much traffic.
Alan Jackson	If anything good came out of 9/11, to me, was that people were so cynical about the world - all you hear about on the news is all the bad stuff everyday, but what was refreshing to me was after that, you saw how many good people there are out there. For every one bad one, there's a thousand good ones.
Alan Jackson	I think if you retire from touring then people think you are retired.
Alan Jackson	Growing up in Georgia, I used to think people up north or out west were so different. They're really not. They're just regular people who live in small towns. They grow up and try to raise families and have a job and go to church and play softball. It's that way everywhere.
Alan Jackson	I like to write sad songs. They're much easier to write and you get a lot more emotion into them. But people don't want to hear them as much. And radio definitely doesn't; they want that positive, uptempo thing.
Alan Jackson	A country song is a song about life.
Alan Jackson	I grew up with nothing, so whenever I got to where I could have something I felt like I needed to have everything I couldn't have when I was young.
Alan Jackson	For some reason I've been labeled that and it's fine, but there are a lot of other artists that sing real traditional stuff, so I don't know why they picked me. That's what I've always done.
Alan Jackson	I've always wanted to make a bluegrass album.
Alan Jackson	Oklahoma's always been good to me.
Alan Jackson	You just write about things that happen.
Alan Jackson	I mean, I am driven and laid-back at the same time.
Alan Jackson	I think every album you have, especially if it's done well, you feel like you're competing with yourself.
Alan Jackson	I'm usually just enjoying life.
Alan Jackson	Making music is still what keeps a fire going on in me.
Alan Jackson	Hee Haw was probably my biggest exposure to live music at a young age, because there wasn't any live music around my town and no one in my family played instruments.
Alan Jackson	I didn't realize until I was older what a huge music fan my daddy really was, and actually that my grandma played banjo at one time, and I didn't even know that until a year or two ago.
Alan Jackson	You have to be tough-skinned and willing to accept criticism, and at the same time, just try to do music that you like and you are proud of and not just whatever you think it's going to take to get you on the radio.
Alan Jackson	When I was in high school, I don't know that I really had big dreams.
Alan Jackson	As long as I'm still able to have a hit on the radio and sell a few albums and some tickets, I don't see that it would be worth retiring.
Alan Jackson	He's written some great songs. I thought that 'Blues Man' was a perfect song for me to do as a tribute.
Alan Jackson	I always try to make the music that I like and think my fans will like.
Alan Jackson	I mean, my girls are very sweet; I'm very proud of all of of them.
Alan Jackson	I mean, my voice has gotten a little deeper sounding as I've gotten older, I think. I noticed that.
Alan Jackson	I've always said that if you have songs on the radio and get played, you've got to have a tour to support that.
Alan Watts	The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Alan Watts	To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
Alan Watts	Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations.
Alan Watts	No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Alan Watts	I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Alan Watts	How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
Alan Watts	The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.
Alan Watts	But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
Alan Watts	You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
Alan Watts	In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
Alan Watts	The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
Alan Watts	You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Alan Watts	Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.
Alan Watts	Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.
Alan Watts	Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Alan Watts	So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
Alan Watts	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Alan Watts	The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.
Alan Watts	We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
Alan Watts	But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
Alan Watts	So the bodhisattva saves all beings, not by preaching sermons to them, but by showing them that they are delivered, they are liberated, by the act of not being able to stop changing.
Alan Watts	Some believe all that parents, tutors, and kindred believe. They take their principles by inheritance, and defend them as they would their estates, because they are born heirs to them.
Alan Watts	In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way.
Alan Watts	No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Alan Watts	And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
Alastair Campbell	In an ideal world, it would not take a film star to get the media focused on mental illness.
Alastair Campbell	So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb.
Alastair Campbell	Friends have suggested that I am the least qualified person to talk about happiness, because I am often down, and sometimes profoundly depressed. But I think that's where my qualification comes from. Because to know happiness, it helps to know unhappiness.
Alastair Campbell	My public caricature - that of a self-confident alpha male - is only partly accurate.
Alastair Campbell	My closest friend, who died not long ago, is buried near Marx's grave in Highgate cemetery, so I see the gaggle of admirers laying roses at the foot of his tombstone regularly. I have never been tempted to leave flowers there myself. Great theories, shame about the practice. Marx did many things. But inventing class was not one of them.
Alastair Campbell	My dad, Donald, was a vet and had a practice in Yorkshire. Cats and dogs were his bread and butter, but his greatest love was large animals.
Alastair Campbell	The bad news for journalists today is that the media, however seriously people who are in the public eye take it, is not taken as seriously as it once was - by the public.
Alastair Campbell	I'm certainly driven, I hate losing, I can be ruthless and short-tempered and terribly competitive.
Alastair Campbell	Like most meaningful activities, campaigns are team games.
Alastair Campbell	One in four of us will have a mental illness at some point. That is a lot of people.
Alastair Campbell	We should confine booing in sports arenas to sport. I love a good boo as much as the next football fan.
Alastair Campbell	Don't accept that you are in crisis just because everyone says you are.
Alastair Campbell	I have always been driven. I have always believed in what I believe very deeply.
Alastair Campbell	I used to be very routine-based and the new thing in my life is not having a clear, full-time existence.
Alastair Campbell	I will continue to help the political causes I believe in in any way I can.
Alastair Campbell	The day of the daredevil reporter who refuses to see obstacles to getting the truth, and seeing it with his or her own eyes, seems to have died.
Alastair Campbell	The media are obsessed with spin doctors and with portraying them as a bad thing, yet seem addicted to our medicine.
Alastair Campbell	There are many reasons for the decline in royal esteem. One is that so many of the royals are thick.
Alastair Campbell	There has been a shift to what may be defined as a culture of negativity which goes well beyond coverage of politics.
Alastair Campbell	Clinton is a big personality who has led a big life, and for some of the media conventional wisdom to boil it down to a view that 'all people are really interested in' are a few moments of madness in the Oval Office gets him, the importance of the presidency, and the significance of his life, all wrong.
Alastair Campbell	My aunty says I'm the double of my father. He was a workaholic, which I've definitely inherited. And like me, he could be the life and soul of the party, but also quite withdrawn.
Alastair Campbell	May I share with you my earliest memory of a political row? It was with my mother, about the Queen - classic Freudian stuff, shrinks would say. I was eight, and refusing to watch the Queen's Christmas Day broadcast.
Alastair Campbell	There is something in me that makes me see things through.
Alastair Campbell	To me, marriage is partly a religious thing and I'm not religious.
Alastair Campbell	Failure, it is thought, is what sells, and what people want to hear and read about. I am not so sure.
Alber Elbaz	Run away from laziness; work hard. Touch intuition and listen to the heart, not marketing directors. Dream.
Alber Elbaz	To be a fashion critic is easy because you just say, 'I love it, I hate it,' but life is more than love and hate.
Alber Elbaz	For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams. In my little room at home, I felt that I was somewhere else. In Paris, for instance.
Alber Elbaz	If you take something out of the freezer, it's cold, but what happens when it melts? It's a cool party, a cool person, a cool collection. What does that mean? I'm more interested in things that are uncool, things that have a certain individuality, a certain soul, a certain longevity, emotion, fragility.
Alber Elbaz	I love to see old women. I love wrinkles. I love gray hair.
Alber Elbaz	Why not touch things that we hate and turn them upside down and inside out?
Alber Elbaz	I certainly can't complain. I work six days a week, if not seven, and eighteen hours out of twenty-four - fortunately, with a great deal of pleasure. Why? Because I only do something if I want to do it; I need to feel a desire, to find pleasure in moving forward, creating, moving, inventing.
Alber Elbaz	I like having the freedom to dress as I desire.
Alber Elbaz	Fashion doesn't look good only on models; it can look good on different people of different ages and different body shapes.
Alber Elbaz	Fashion is not always about what's new, it's also about what's good. And I think if you need to see what's good, you have to be there.
Alber Elbaz	For me, Lancome was more than just a brand. There was something very nostalgic about the name, about the whole story.
Alber Elbaz	I adore women, and the one thing I want to do more than anything is to see a transformation of personality when someone puts on one of my dresses.
Alber Elbaz	I hate bridges. I'm always very insecure on bridges.
Alber Elbaz	I hate the word 'cool.' It gives me a rash.
Alber Elbaz	I think that if you want to pass emotion, you have to write a letter. Emotions do not pass in SMS or in e-mail.
Alber Elbaz	I've always said fashion is like roast chicken: You don't have to think about it to know it's delicious.
Alber Elbaz	If I am in a beautiful place, but I don't like the people, I am miserable.
Alber Elbaz	I want to know where is that committee in Switzerland that sits to decide what is in and what is out. I don't listen to the formula makers. I think maybe I have a selective hearing disorder.
Alber Elbaz	Almost every collection I do has 200 different references. I don't have two of the same coat, two of the same dress. I have it in one color, in one fabric. I've tried to adapt the culture of couture, and the know-how and the heritage, but I try to update it.
Alber Elbaz	I barely finish one pre-collection before I must start on another. Sales start, but I am already elsewhere creatively. The men's show is being prepared, but we also need to think about accessories, perfumes and other items. In sum, I never stop.
Alber Elbaz	Many, many times I find that whatever is looking good on the screen doesn't always look or feel good on the body. So who do we design for - do we design for the screen, or do we design for women?
Alber Elbaz	One woman told me that every time she wears Lanvin, men fall in love with her. Another told me she wore Lanvin to face her husband's lawyer because she felt protected. If I can make men fall in love with women and if I can protect women, I think I can die peacefully.
Alber Elbaz	When I was either 7 or 8 years old, I did a sketch every day of my teacher and what she wore. At the end of the year, I gave her the sketchbook. For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams.
Alber Elbaz	I am very much a people person.
Alber Elbaz	All I want is beautiful. I mean, I like grey hair, I love wrinkles. But this is me.
Albert Camus	Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Albert Camus	You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Albert Camus	In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
Albert Camus	The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
Albert Camus	But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
Albert Camus	Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Albert Camus	You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
Albert Camus	Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Albert Camus	Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Albert Camus	The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
Albert Camus	I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Albert Camus	I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live as if there isn't and to die to find out that there is.
Albert Camus	A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Albert Camus	It is necessary to fall in love... if only to provide an alibi for all the random despair you are going to feel anyway.
Albert Camus	Basically, at the very bottom of life, which seduces us all, there is only absurdity, and more absurdity. And maybe that's what gives us our joy for living, because the only thing that can defeat absurdity is lucidity.
Albert Camus	Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Albert Camus	For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check; yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.
Albert Camus	Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being.
Albert Camus	In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself - limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist.
Albert Camus	A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad.
Albert Camus	All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door.
Albert Camus	It's a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money.
Albert Camus	Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
Albert Camus	Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
Albert Camus	No cause justifies the deaths of innocent people.
Albert Einstein	You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
Albert Einstein	Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein	Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Albert Einstein	Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Albert Einstein	When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Albert Einstein	The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Albert Einstein	The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Albert Einstein	We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein	Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Albert Einstein	A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein	Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Albert Einstein	Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Albert Einstein	Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Albert Einstein	It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Albert Einstein	The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
Albert Einstein	Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Albert Einstein	The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
Albert Einstein	Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Albert Einstein	Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Albert Einstein	Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Albert Einstein	The only source of knowledge is experience.
Albert Einstein	It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Albert Einstein	In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.
Albert Einstein	Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character.
Albert Einstein	Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Albert Ellis	The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Albert Ellis	The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own. You do not blame them on your mother, the ecology, or the president. You realize that you control your own destiny.
Albert Ellis	Acceptance is not love. You love a person because he or she has lovable traits, but you accept everybody just because they're alive and human.
Albert Ellis	There are three musts that hold us back: I must do well. You must treat me well. And the world must be easy.
Albert Ellis	People got insights into what was bothering them, but they hardly did a damn thing to change.
Albert Ellis	There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational.
Albert Ellis	People could rationally decide that prolonged relationships take up too much time and effort and that they'd much rather do other kinds of things. But most people are afraid of rejection.
Albert Ellis	We teach people that they upset themselves. We can't change the past, so we change how people are thinking, feeling and behaving today.
Albert Ellis	By not caring too much about what people think, I'm able to think for myself and propagate ideas which are very often unpopular. And I succeed.
Albert Ellis	Self-esteem is the greatest sickness known to man or woman because it's conditional.
Albert Ellis	I think the future of psychotherapy and psychology is in the school system. We need to teach every child how to rarely seriously disturb himself or herself and how to overcome disturbance when it occurs.
Albert Ellis	You largely constructed your depression. It wasn't given to you. Therefore, you can deconstruct it.
Albert Ellis	People don't just get upset. They contribute to their upsetness.
Albert Ellis	People have motives and thoughts of which they are unaware.
Albert Ellis	In the old days we used to get more referrals, because people had insurance that paid for therapy. Now they belong to HMOs, and we can only be affiliated with a few HMOs.
Albert Ellis	I get people to truly accept themselves unconditionally, whether or not their therapist or anyone loves them.
Albert Ellis	If something is irrational, that means it won't work. It's usually unrealistic.
Albert Ellis	For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency.
Albert Ellis	I would have liked having children to some degree, but frankly I haven't got the time to take the kids to the goddamn ballgame.
Albert Ellis	I think it's unfair, but they have the right as fallible, screwed-up humans to be unfair; that's the human condition.
Albert Ellis	Rational beliefs bring us closer to getting good results in the real world.
Albert Ellis	Most people would have given up when faced with all the criticism I've received over the years.
Albert Ellis	I'm very happy. I like my work and the various aspects of it - going around the world, teaching the gospel according to St. Albert.
Albert Ellis	I had a great many sex and love cases where people were absolutely devastated when somebody with whom they were compulsively in love didn't love them back. They were killing themselves with anxiety and depression.
Albert Ellis	If I had been a member of the academic establishment, I could have done other experiments.
Albert Gallatin	I am not wrong in the belief that its public funds are more secure than those of all the European powers.
Albert Gallatin	The whole of the Bill is a declaration of the right of the people at large or considered as individuals... It establishes some rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently, no majority has a right to deprive them of.
Albert Schweitzer	In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Albert Schweitzer	The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
Albert Schweitzer	Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Albert Schweitzer	At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
Albert Schweitzer	One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Albert Schweitzer	Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Albert Schweitzer	Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Albert Schweitzer	There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
Albert Schweitzer	Do not let Sunday be taken from you. If your soul has no Sunday, it becomes an orphan.
Albert Schweitzer	Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Albert Schweitzer	Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Albert Schweitzer	Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
Albert Schweitzer	Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.
Albert Schweitzer	We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.
Albert Schweitzer	The first step in the evolution of ethics is a sense of solidarity with other human beings.
Albert Schweitzer	The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which resists it; and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character.
Albert Schweitzer	Example is leadership.
Albert Schweitzer	Compassion, in which all ethics must take root, can only attain its full breadth and depth if it embraces all living creatures and does not limit itself to mankind.
Albert Schweitzer	I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve.
Albert Schweitzer	Seek always to do some good, somewhere. Every man has to seek in his own way to realize his true worth. You must give some time to your fellow man. For remember, you don't live in a world all your own. Your brothers are here too.
Albert Schweitzer	An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while a pessimist sees only the red stoplight... the truly wise person is colorblind.
Albert Schweitzer	Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life.
Albert Schweitzer	Man is a clever animal who behaves like an imbecile.
Albert Schweitzer	Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will - his personal responsibility in the realm of faith and morals.
Albert Schweitzer	I can do no other than be reverent before everything that is called life. I can do no other than to have compassion for all that is called life. That is the beginning and the foundation of all ethics.
Alden Ehrenreich	For me, the drive is storytelling. To be a part of an art that tells a story and to be a catalyst, a color in that, is very exciting.
Alden Ehrenreich	I haven't worked enough to worry about getting typecast, but I do as a film lover didn't want to be working with the bad guys. I didn't want to be making a movie I thought was contributing to a lower base of movies that I just didn't think were helping people, really.
Alden Ehrenreich	The aspect of kind of living in your imagination and creating a more romantic vision of the world than the reality that you're given - that's definitely something I can sort of relate to.
Alden Ehrenreich	I feel about romance the same way I do about a vocation; it's a calling.
Alden Ehrenreich	Some movies, I think, present ideas of the world that just don't help people with their lives. They just present things that are fleeting or stupid. So that's what I'm careful about - making sure I'm part of something that is saying something that I think is valuable in the world of people, not necessarily in the world of art.
Alden Ehrenreich	When I was a little kid, my parents would show me Marx Brothers' films and westerns and stuff like that. That's where all my desire to be an actor comes from and probably most of my understanding of acting comes from for sure.
Alden Ehrenreich	I'm an actor because I love movies, and always have loved movies. I'm a film buff.
Alden Ehrenreich	I really think that movies are the most popular form of story telling ever and have such a huge impact on culture when they do. So I really want to be a part of those movies that say something good to a lot of people.
Alden Ehrenreich	I would say that it's mainly about the director. It's a hard quality to find, but I always know whether I want to do something or not. The character is important to me, as is getting to work with people that I feel like I can learn from and make a great movie with.
Aldo Leopold	Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
Aldo Leopold	We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.
Aldo Leopold	To keep every cog and wheel is the first precaution of intelligent tinkering.
Aldo Leopold	One swallow does not make a summer, but one skein of geese, cleaving the murk of March thaw, is the Spring.
Aldo Leopold	Harmony with land is like harmony with a friend; you cannot cherish his right hand and chop off his left.
Aldo Leopold	In June as many as a dozen species may burst their buds on a single day. No man can heed all of these anniversaries; no man can ignore all of them.
Aldo Leopold	Recreational development is a job not of building roads into the lovely country, but of building receptivity into the still unlovely human mind.
Aldo Leopold	We shall never achieve harmony with land, any more than we shall achieve absolute justice or liberty for people. In these higher aspirations, the important thing is not to achieve but to strive.
Aldo Leopold	A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise.
Aldo Leopold	Is education possibly a process of trading awareness for things of lesser worth? The goose who trades his is soon a pile of feathers.
Aldo Leopold	Examine each question in terms of what is ethically and aesthetically right, as well as what is economically expedient.
Aldous Huxley	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Aldous Huxley	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Aldous Huxley	That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.
Aldous Huxley	There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
Aldous Huxley	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Aldous Huxley	I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.
Aldous Huxley	The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which mean never losing your enthusiasm.
Aldous Huxley	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Aldous Huxley	Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.
Aldous Huxley	Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying.
Aldous Huxley	Dream in a pragmatic way.
Aldous Huxley	Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Aldous Huxley	To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
Aldous Huxley	An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex.
Aldous Huxley	My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger.
Aldous Huxley	All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours.
Aldous Huxley	Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
Aldous Huxley	It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.'
Aldous Huxley	Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
Aldous Huxley	Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too.
Aldous Huxley	Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
Aldous Huxley	One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.
Aldous Huxley	It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Aldous Huxley	A democracy which makes or even effectively prepares for modern, scientific war must necessarily cease to be democratic. No country can be really well prepared for modern war unless it is governed by a tyrant, at the head of a highly trained and perfectly obedient bureaucracy.
Aldous Huxley	The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
Alec Baldwin	Remember, sex is like a Chinese dinner. It ain't over 'til you both get your cookie.
Alec Baldwin	I just love Rome. It really does cast a spell on you.
Alec Baldwin	There's less critical thinking going on in this country on a Main Street level - forget about the media - than ever before. We've never needed people to think more critically than now, and they've taken a big nap.
Alec Baldwin	I don't think acting is addictive. If I stopped acting tomorrow, I really wouldn't care. If you told me that I would have to sell real estate in New York City to look after my family, that would be fine with me.
Alec Baldwin	Getting older is hard.
Alec Baldwin	I don't need to be married to Georgia O'Keeffe or Lillian Hellman, but I like being with a woman I can look up to.
Alec Baldwin	Cheney is a terrorist. He terrorizes our enemies abroad and innocent citizens here at home indiscriminately.
Alec Baldwin	For better or ill, I was very heavily influenced by men I knew who always dressed formally.
Alec Baldwin	I consider myself a pretty good conversationalist, but you wind up being downgraded to idiot status when you don't speak the language!
Alec Baldwin	I think I'm just like a lot of people who had nothing.
Alec Baldwin	A lot of people want to not wear a tie when they go to a restaurant. They feel they don't have to wear a tie. I think it's kind of a statement they're making. I don't know what that statement is. I haven't quite figured that out yet.
Alec Baldwin	My life, in some ways, has been a half-measure. I didn't commit myself all the way to my marriage and family, because I would have given up more. And I didn't go all the way with just being completely selfish. I always wonder where my career would be if I was more selfish.
Alec Baldwin	There's three things: there's masculinity, there's intelligence, there's sensitivity. You've got to bring those three things to a leading man's role: masculinity, sensitivity, intelligence. In some people, there's a little too much in the mix of one or the other.
Alec Baldwin	I don't think I really have a talent for movie acting. I'm not bad at it, but I don't think I really have a talent for it.
Alec Baldwin	I think I do want to go into politics. I really, really do. And I don't know if I will.
Alec Baldwin	I think my exact comment was that if Bush won it would be a good time to leave the United States. I'm not necessarily going to leave the United States.
Alec Baldwin	I don't think I really have a talent for movie acting.
Alec Baldwin	I wanted to work with Cate Blanchett. She is one of the five greatest movie actresses of her generation.
Alec Baldwin	I'm not an awards-driven person in anything. Anytime you do get caught up in that, you usually end up getting whacked.
Alec Baldwin	Doing these parts is not fun. It's challenging, but no fun. It's creepy. I would rather play the guy that throws the touchdown pass and gets carried off the field.
Alec Baldwin	I was in college in Washington, D.C. I did three years full-time. I did all my requirements, and my senior year was really a gut year. And I said, 'Law school will always be there.' I was in no hurry to get right into that.
Alec Baldwin	In the film business, when you're young, you just want to work. But when you're older, it has more to do with who's involved with the project - who you're going to get in the boat with.
Alec Baldwin	Often in films, you have no idea where you're going to be six months from now. And I grew very weary of that. And television, although it wasn't necessarily as creatively diverse as filmmaking can be, it was the lifestyle choice that I needed to make.
Alec Baldwin	Ultraconservatism is, to me, so illogical. Everywhere you go, conservatives want to cut, cut, cut, cut - cut money for powerless people. So, that's the biggest problem I have with them.
Alec Baldwin	You have actors who begin at a certain young age and there's very little change in their technique and the depth of their performances; they're the same 30 years later.
Alec Issigonis	A camel is a horse designed by committee.
Alec Issigonis	I feel very, very proud that so many people have copied me.
Alec Issigonis	An expert is someone who tells you why you can't do something.
Alec Issigonis	It is much easier to drive without having an accident.
Alec Issigonis	The public don't know what they want; it's my job to tell them.
Aleksey Igudesman	Audiences respond in entirely different ways. One thing is unanimous - music binds us altogether.
Aleksey Igudesman	Classical music is something that we're very passionate about, but we always thought it was presented in a stuffy way.
Aleksey Igudesman	I do use an electric violin. Actually, my regular electric violin, which I sometimes use, is by Ned Steinburger.
Aleksey Igudesman	I was able to turn to classical music many people, who saw my programs live and on YouTube, and this is one of the nicest achievements I can have.
Aleksey Igudesman	Our first show, 'A Little Nightmare Music,' encompasses a lot of zany humor with beautiful classical music.
Aleksey Igudesman	Combining music, theater and comedy is a new and broader form of expression. In certain combinations you can make people laugh one moment, cry the next, and then be astounded by the beauty of the music.
Aleksey Igudesman	For me, personally, the most interesting music comes from the popular sector - from film and pop music - since contemporary classical music got stuck and went into directions where it lost a lot of the public by over-intellectualizing.
Aleksey Igudesman	From the very beginning, I started doing music performances with a lot of theatrical aspects to them, where humor was a part of it but not necessarily had to be. Humor is just another tool to make the palette more rich and interesting for myself and eventually for the public. It's a great way to break out of convention.
Aleksey Igudesman	Instruments are a phenomenal investment, especially violins and violas and celli, because the value really doesn't go down, and it just rises up at incredible speed and has done, and I believe will continue to do so, because these rare instruments are not getting more. They are getting less and less through the years.
Aleksey Igudesman	It is interesting that our biggest fans are the greatest names of the classical music scene, such as Julian Rachlin, Janine Jansen, Mischa Maisky and Gidon Kremer. They even make guest appearances in our concerts occasionally.
Aleksey Igudesman	The idea of a musical comedy was something we had had in mind for many years, but the project 'Igudesman & Joo: A Little Nightmare Music' has a history that goes back five years. I can say that this is the most successful project that we have ever done.
Aleksey Igudesman	There's a million people who can go out and play the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto brilliantly, but we're the only ones who can do 'A Little Nightmare Music.'
Aleksey Igudesman	We are fans of Mozart and Beethoven, as well 'South Park' and Borat. We believe that we can attract many people who eschew the serious ambiance of concert halls and don't go to classical music concerts because of such reasons. However, there is a 'serious humor' on the stage: funny and ridiculous. That is important!
Aleksey Igudesman	We developed our own type of Igudesman and Joo electric violin, let's say, and funny enough, the shape of it was developed by the head technician of Steinway. It's actually an electric violin, which is made from the stick that holds up the piano lid.
Aleksey Igudesman	We're passionate musicians, but we felt classical concerts were more like a funeral because nobody talked and everybody was dressed so conservatively. We thought that's kind of strange, because music is full of life! We thought we could break through that barrier with theater and comedy elements.
Aleksey Igudesman	We've always dreamt of a TV series and working in film. When we first sat down to seriously write 'A Little Nightmare Music,' to write something for TV was our original inspiration. But all the stuff we were writing down is not going to work on stage. We had to rewrite it so it would work on the stage.
Aleqa Hammond	I believe that Greenland will achieve independence during the time I am still active in politics.
Aleqa Hammond	The North Pole will be ice-free during summer in years to come, and that itself will put the Arctic Sea basin on a very high risk of... environmental disasters that might be there.
Aleqa Hammond	Greenlanders' heart is the environment. You can't sell your heart for oil.
Aleqa Hammond	I feel pride in being a Greenlander.
Aleqa Hammond	Taking the future in your own hands has a fantastic psychological impact.
Alex Campbell	My death will be caused by morphine, which I have deliberately taken with suicidal intent.
Alex Campbell	We must carefully examine change so that we are able to discard those aspects of change which would be detrimental to our way of life, and, at the same time, take advantage of those aspects of change which will enhance and improve our quality of life.
Alex Campbell	My friends all regarded me as a man of unsound mind because I held the view that my wife was with me in spirit always. I have lived with her spirit guiding me every day and she is with me now as I write this letter, and helps me to do as I am now doing.
Alex Campbell	Over the past few years, many of us have increasingly begun to question the direction and meaning of our society as it has developed over the past several centuries.
Alex Campbell	Besides, my usefulness here is destroyed because all of my friends think me a man of unsound mind.
Alex Campbell	I have no ill will in my heart against anybody in this world.
Alex Campbell	I go gladly to my wife and boy, and I leave this world at peace with every one in it and at peace with God.
Alex Campbell	From this process has emerged a parallel process of translating traditional working and living values into a new political and economic power - a power increasingly based upon the strength of money and those material things money can purchase.
Alex Campbell	I hope and trust the infinite, the eternal, and merciful and loving God. I worship Him and feel no guilt in my heart before him for what I am going to do.
Alex Campbell	As a consequence, progress has come to mean simply more power, more profit, more productivity, more paper prosperity, all of which are convertible into standards concerned only with size or magnitude rather than quality or excellence.
Alex Campbell	But most Canadians have recognized to a greater or lesser extent that despite much of the so-called progress of the affluent society, essential ingredients to a meaningful life seem to be either entirely lacking, or at best, difficult to grasp.
Alex Campbell	Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization.
Alex Campbell	However, if we examine the Canadian scene closely enough, we can see signs of this physical and spiritual rot settling into a number of our Canadian urban centres with a troubling spill-over into many of our more rural areas.
Alex Campbell	The reason why I take my life is because I want to go to my wife and boy. My usefulness in this world is at an end. I can not be satisfied in any business and can not be without their companionship.
Alex Campbell	To conquer nature is, in effect, to remove all natural barriers and human norms and to substitute artificial, fabricated equivalents for natural processes.
Alex Campbell	We, in our Province, are beginning to realize and appreciate that our slowness in keeping up with our North American neighbours may well have been a blessing in disguise.
Alex Campbell	We have witnessed the terrible increases in the incidence of alcoholism, the advent of drug dependency, the protests, marches, strikes and human alienation.
Alex Campbell	What we are only now beginning to fully realize is that in seeking material pleasure too constantly, the capacity for enjoyment or fulfillment decreases and eventually becomes exhausted.
Alex Campbell	I do not regard it as wrong to take my life, because I simply change my place of residence and go where my wife and baby are.
Alex Campbell	I am glad to go with my wife and baby boy.
Alex Campbell	I am through with this body, and what becomes of it will make no difference with me in the future.
Alex Campbell	I believe in God and immortality.
Alex Campbell	We, in Prince Edward Island, are fully familiar with this modern phenomenon.
Alex Campbell	I, Alexander B. Campbell, make this statement of the cause of my death to relieve the coroner of the necessity of an inquest, and also let my friends know the motive that led me to take my own life.
Alex Campbell	Over the past several years, all of us as Canadians, and as members of the North American cultural and economic environment, have been to a greater or lesser extent party to a significant attitudinal change towards our culture.
Alex Ebert	To be lost is as legitimate a part of your process as being found.
Alex Ebert	It took me a long time to be alright with smiling onstage.
Alex Ebert	I think Edward Sharpe's music is counter-cultural music in the strangest sense where you have a time now where love, optimism, hope and community are uncool and not part of the mainstream culture.
Alex Ebert	I try to give the music more of a campfire feel as opposed to a library atmosphere. I like when you can hear people hanging out in the songs and doing a little shuffling. It creates a feeling of participation.
Alex Ebert	It's not that I want to necessarily avoid my darker moments, but I don't capitalize them and put a crown on them and tote them around as the answer anymore.
Alex Ebert	At its best, a live show is completely transcendent. The image I get is breaking through glass or shooting out into the free zone.
Alex Ebert	Berlin would be a great place to have no cell phone, I think. Especially if you were able to live in a central location.
Alex Ebert	Heath Ledger was supposed to put our album on what would have been a new record label. I still feel a little dead after losing him.
Alex Ebert	I pay attention when the Academy Awards come around. I haven't watched them in a while, but I used to watch them religiously when I was a kid.
Alex Ebert	I've always been around musicians and always been the songwriter who doesn't end up playing the music.
Alex Ebert	There are many examples of great songs that become more famous when they are covered.
Alex Ebert	From about 5 years old on, I was very contemplative and started to become constantly filled with nostalgia for the present moment and the feeling that it's always fleeting.
Alex Ebert	Pro Tools was invented to quicken the recording process.
Alex Ebert	For the better part of my life, I was always trying to manufacture somehow what I would consider 'living.' Because I grew up sort of upper-middle class and I didn't relate so much to that as a life, and I wanted to really find 'living.'
Alex Ebert	Hip hop was definitely, far and away, the primary influence for at least 10 years of my life. From about 7 or 8 on till about 15 or 16, that's all I listened to.
Alex Ebert	I took a lot of long summer road trips with my dad, and the mix of music we listened to on the road skipped around from classical to Western to new age to hyper-cinematic.
Alex Ebert	In a place like the Greek Theater in L.A., to try and create a close connection with the audience seems almost antithetical to the architecture of the building.
Alex Ebert	Popular music usually has a chorus that needs to repeat, and people need to remember the song. That's sort of the major guideline when you're writing a song.
Alex Ebert	The album is a thing that you can hang out with between shows. I think that it's really nice to give people something they can enjoy in a private situation or walking around, just as the soundtrack of their lives.
Alex Ferguson	In England, it's a rare thing to see a player smoking but, all in all, I prefer that to an alcoholic. The relationship with alcohol is a real problem in English football and, in the short term, it's much more harmful to a sportsman. It weakens the body, which becomes more susceptible to injury.
Alex Ferguson	I'm going to tell you the story about the geese which fly 5,000 miles from Canada to France. They fly in V-formation but the second ones don't fly. They're the subs for the first ones. And then the second ones take over - so it's teamwork.
Alex Ferguson	Myths grow all the time. If I was to listen to the number of times I've thrown teacups then we've gone through some crockery in this place. It's completely exaggerated, but I don't like people arguing back with me.
Alex Ferguson	As long as there are games to play it is not over.
Alex Ferguson	The work of a team should always embrace a great player but the great player must always work.
Alex Ferguson	Well, football is a hard game; there's no denying it. It's a game that can bring out the worst in you, at times.
Alex Ferguson	You are responsible to each other because when you win a game of football, you only need eight players to perform well.
Alex Ferguson	I've never played for a draw in my life.
Alex Ferguson	If my parents were still alive, they would be very proud. They gave me a good start in life, the values that have driven me, and the confidence to believe in myself.
Alex Ferguson	I do believe in fate.
Alex Ferguson	I tell the players that the bus is moving. This club has to progress. And the bus wouldn't wait for them. I tell them to get on board.
Alex Ferguson	Sometimes in football you have to hold your hand up and say, yeah, they're better than us.
Alex Ferguson	You can't applaud a referee.
Alex Ferguson	Sometimes you're not sure about a player. Sometimes you doubt. Sometimes you have to guess. Sometimes... you just know.
Alex Ferguson	If I have my health I can carry on. There will be a point when I do quit but I have absolutely no idea when that is.
Alex Ferguson	If we can play like that every week we'll get some level of consistency.
Alex Ferguson	Her Majesty said she hoped I would have time for my horses - I own two and have shares in four.
Alex Ferguson	I don't like losing but I've mellowed. I maybe have a short fuse but it goes away quicker now.
Alex Ferguson	The culmination of three trophies was the pinnacle of my career and it has been rewarded with a knighthood.
Alex Ferguson	Football management is such a pressurised thing - horseracing is a release. I'm also learning to play the piano - I'm quite determined - it's another release from the pressure of my job.
Alex Ferguson	I feel sympathy for the working class lad. I've always championed about ticket prices and try to equate that to people's salaries.
Alex Ferguson	The time I have already spent at Harvard has been a stimulating experience, and I look forward to developing my relationship and activities with the students, faculty and friends of the Harvard Business School community.
Alex Ferguson	There are members of the London press who seek to antagonise me, deliberately.
Alex Garland	When I see 'Sunshine,' I see a film that part of me is kind of very proud of and another part of me is very sad about, so it's a really complicated film for me. And I've never been really able to resolve all that in myself.
Alex Garland	I think everything I write is from an atheist perspective. I mean, it's partly from an atheist perspective because I'm an atheist, and I'm just not really interested in religious-based questions.
Alex Garland	It slightly depends on your perspective, sort of how you look at these things, but when I sit down to write a script, I'm not planning to write a script; I'm planning to make a film, and so I only see the script as being just a step there.
Alex Garland	I've never been to Comic-Con, but I'm certainly aware from this side of the Atlantic that it's a very important part of film marketing now, even when the films are not directly linked to a comic.
Alex Garland	I've written original material before, where I've come up with the idea and the characters myself, and that's definitely very different to working with someone else's characters and stories.
Alex Haley	In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
Alex Haley	Anytime you see a turtle up on top of a fence post, you know he had some help.
Alex Haley	Racism is taught in our society, it is not automatic. It is learned behavior toward persons with dissimilar physical characteristics.
Alex Haley	Nobody can do for little children what grandparents do. Grandparents sort of sprinkle stardust over the lives of little children.
Alex Haley	When you start about family, about lineage and ancestry, you are talking about every person on earth.
Alex Haley	My fondest hope is that 'Roots' may start black, white, brown, red, yellow people digging back for their own roots. Man, that would make me feel 90 feet tall.
Alex Haley	Either you deal with what is the reality, or you can be sure that the reality is going to deal with you.
Alex Haley	Roots is not just a saga of my family. It is the symbolic saga of a people.
Alex Haley	In my writing, as much as I could, I tried to find the good, and praise it.
Alex Haley	I look at my books the way parents look at their children. The fact that one becomes more successful than the others doesn't make me love the less successful one any less.
Alex Van Halen	It's part of our nature. As much as I love (brother and guitarist Eddie), if you put us in a room with no one else for 15 minutes, we'd be at each other's throats.
Alex Van Halen	You come to the planet with nothing and you leave with nothing, so you'd better do some good while you are here.
Alex Van Halen	Yeah, we have our differences, but we put those aside, and now we're making music. It's great.
Alex Van Halen	The Beatles will never get back together and David Lee Roth will never again sing with Van Halen.
Alex Van Halen	Whatever our personal differences are, there are no bigger fans of this band than the people who are in this band.
Alex Van Halen	When you leave the planet, you leave music behind.
Alex Van Halen	It's unfortunate nine years were in between - you can't take that time back; you can't undo it.
Alex Van Halen	There is a volatile mix, and that's because we're all intense. And there's no denying that.
Alex Van Halen	On a personal level, we all get along fine.
Alex Van Halen	Some things are impossible.
Alex Van Halen	Nobody sets out to make a bad record.
Alex Van Halen	Everybody has a high point and a lot goes into that: timing, situation, general consciousness.
Alex Van Halen	Van Halen is a work in progress.
Alex Van Halen	Meaning that if you live in the moment, so to speak, we play today, and tonight we're done.
Alex Van Halen	At our age, you don't want to stop.
Alex Van Halen	Music is a dialogue.
Alex Van Halen	Sammy and I got together and it was like we hadn't missed a beat.
Alex Van Halen	There's nothing worse than having everybody thinking alike, talking alike and having the same direction in mind. It gets stale that way.
Alex Van Halen	We're having a blast. Just four friends getting together.
Alex Van Halen	We're very needy people, you know.
Alex Van Halen	When the tour is done, that's the end of the U.S. tour. We'll regroup and see what we're going to do.
Alex Van Halen	You don't leave behind box office scores or how many dollars changed hands.
Alexa Davalos	I grew up very comfortable in this bizarre, circus-like existence, but, as comfortable as I was, I was also aware of the struggles that actors go through.
Alexa Davalos	I tend to curse in French more often than I do in English.
Alexa Davalos	My normal life is, I love to travel and I travel as often as I can. I don't stay in one place too long. But I'm an avid reader; I guess you could say I'm a bit of a bookworm.
Alexander Calder	To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there's no such thing as perfect.
Alexander Calder	Why must art be static? You look at an abstraction, sculptured or painted, an entirely exciting arrangement of planes, spheres, nuclei, entirely without meaning. It would be perfect, but it is always still. The next step in sculpture is motion.
Alexander Calder	Just as one can compose colors, or forms, so one can compose motions.
Alexander Calder	I paint with shapes.
Alexander Calder	The underlying sense of form in my work has been the system of the universe, or part thereof. For that is a rather large model to work from.
Alexander Calder	I have been making wire jewelry - and think I'll really do something with it, eventually.
Alexander Calder	My fan mail is enormous. Everyone is under six.
Alexander Haig	Practice rather than preach. Make of your life an affirmation, defined by your ideals, not the negation of others. Dare to the level of your capability then go beyond to a higher level.
Alexander Haig	As of now, I am in control here in the White House.
Alexander Haig	To declare the Cold War over, and declare democracy has won out over totalitarianism, is a measure of arrogance and wrong-headedness.
Alexander Haig	Let them march all they want, as long as they continue to pay their taxes.
Alexander Haig	The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
Alexander Haig	Syria is a terrorist state by any definition and is so classified by the State Department. I happen to think Iran is too. Iraq, Iran, Syria, they're all involved.
Alexander Haig	You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism.
Alexander Haig	If they analyze the situation as thoroughly as they should, Muslims will realize they are the first targets. What are the fundamentalists really after? Simply taking over Islam and then turning its back on modernity.
Alexander Haig	As I look back at the span of the Cold War in those early days, in the '50s, for example, there was a great deal of Soviet propaganda here in the United States, but it was clumsy, and it was anchored to a lot of ideological support in certain circles in America itself.
Alexander Haig	You know, it's very clear, as one looks back on history again of the Cold War that, following the crisis in Cuba, following the Khrushchev - beating down of Jack Kennedy in Vienna, that President Kennedy believed that we had to join the battle for the Third World, and the next crisis that developed in that regards was Vietnam.
Alexander Haig	I think that perhaps the classic propagandists of the - in the Second World War was Winston Churchill. He was extremely skilled and adept at it.
Alexander Haig	It didn't take long for the world to realize that the Shah was an enlightened liberal next to the bloody reactionary regime that followed, and which executed more people in three months than the Shah had done in 30 years.
Alexander Haig	Those who are seeking ways to tap into the potential of e-mail will find themselves in a position to capitalize on the pending explosion in Internet usage.
Alexander Haig	I think the new generations in America, the America's youth, no longer care about Vietnam. They don't want to hear any more about it.
Alexander Haig	I'm the only American alive or dead who presided unhappily over the removal of a vice president and a president.
Alexander Haig	We didn't lose Vietnam. We quit Vietnam.
Alexander Haig	A durable, long-term U.S.-China strategic relationship is even more important now than in previous decades. The relationship will continue to grow and prosper to the mutual benefit of all peoples.
Alexander Haig	The world awaits Beijing's hosting of the 2008 Olympics, an occasion which will bring into the global spotlight the dramatic advances China is making in enhancing the quality of life for its people.
Alexander Haig	I wasn't happy with the outcome in Vietnam. Now, I've never said that, but, you know, I'm getting to an age where I think I'd better start saying it... And I don't mean that to sound that I'm being critical of somebody or blaming somebody.
Alexander Haig	I started out as a Cold Warrior, even my last years in grade school.
Alexander Haig	Sooner or later something had to give. But President Bush, faced with the unprecedented affront of 9-11, could not wait to take action. So he had to do what we were capable of doing, and he did it brilliantly.
Alexander Haig	Then came the hostage crisis during which Carter did nothing to rattle the ayatollahs who hung tough until Ronald Reagan was inaugurated, when they suddenly backed down.
Alexander Haig	We didn't do anything wrong, but among the lessons learned, given the magnitude of the problems we now face in Afghanistan, a major U.S. force on the ground would convince the world we were in for the long-haul recovery of a country devastated by 21 years of warfare.
Alexander Hamilton	Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.
Alexander Hamilton	There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.
Alexander Hamilton	It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
Alexander Hamilton	A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Alexander Hamilton	I think the first duty of society is justice.
Alexander Hamilton	Unless your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights; and to maintain tranquillity, it must be respectable - even to observe neutrality, you must have a strong government.
Alexander Hamilton	A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
Alexander Hamilton	Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
Alexander Hamilton	Power over a man's subsistence is power over his will.
Alexander Hamilton	Learn to think continentally.
Alexander Hamilton	Constitutions should consist only of general provisions; the reason is that they must necessarily be permanent, and that they cannot calculate for the possible change of things.
Alexander Hamilton	Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of man will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice without constraint.
Alexander Hamilton	Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice, without constraint.
Alexander Hamilton	I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.
Alexander Hamilton	Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Alexander Hamilton	When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation.
Alexander Hamilton	Here, sir, the people govern; here they act by their immediate representatives.
Alexander Hamilton	Let us recollect that peace or war will not always be left to our option; that however moderate or unambitious we may be, we cannot count upon the moderation, or hope to extinguish the ambition of others.
Alexander Hamilton	The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God; and, however generally this maxim has been quoted and believed, it is not true to fact. The people are turbulent and changing, they seldom judge or determine right.
Alexander Hamilton	In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place, oblige it to control itself.
Alexander Hamilton	The nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master and deserves one.
Alexander Hamilton	The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased.
Alexander Hamilton	In politics, as in religion, it is equally absurd to aim at making proselytes by fire and sword. Heresies in either can rarely be cured by persecution.
Alexander Hamilton	A promise must never be broken.
Alexander Hamilton	Safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct. Even the ardent love of liberty will, after a time, give way to its dictates.
Alexander Pope	Teach me to feel another's woe, to hide the fault I see, that mercy I to others show, that mercy show to me.
Alexander Pope	To be angry is to revenge the faults of others on ourselves.
Alexander Pope	To err is human; to forgive, divine.
Alexander Pope	No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her.
Alexander Pope	The most positive men are the most credulous.
Alexander Pope	The greatest magnifying glasses in the world are a man's own eyes when they look upon his own person.
Alexander Pope	Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll; charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Alexander Pope	Praise undeserved, is satire in disguise.
Alexander Pope	How happy is the blameless vestal's lot? The world forgetting, by the world forgot.
Alexander Pope	And, after all, what is a lie? 'Tis but the truth in a masquerade.
Alexander Pope	Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed was the ninth beatitude.
Alexander Pope	Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Alexander Pope	A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring.
Alexander Pope	Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Alexander Pope	Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is, but always To be Blest.
Alexander Pope	Histories are more full of examples of the fidelity of dogs than of friends.
Alexander Pope	Health consists with temperance alone.
Alexander Pope	No one should be ashamed to admit they are wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that they are wiser today than they were yesterday.
Alexander Pope	On life's vast ocean diversely we sail. Reasons the card, but passion the gale.
Alexander Pope	Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Alexander Pope	Genius creates, and taste preserves. Taste is the good sense of genius; without taste, genius is only sublime folly.
Alexander Pope	A person who is too nice an observer of the business of the crowd, like one who is too curious in observing the labor of bees, will often be stung for his curiosity.
Alexander Pope	Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing.
Alexander Pope	The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
Alexander Pope	Act well your part, there all the honour lies.
Alexandra Daddario	I never know what's going to happen or what opportunities are going to be given to me. I've found with the opportunities that I've been given have made it possible for me to explore different characters and exciting stories.
Alexandra Daddario	I'm really easily affected by horror films. I have pretty strong reactions to them.
Alexandra Daddario	I'm a combination between extreme insecurity and extreme confidence.
Alexandra Daddario	Going to the darkest place you can to make yourself really upset and adding that with the physicality and running around, you can work yourself into hysteria that way.
Alexandra Daddario	I love to travel, and I think being whisked away somewhere for a vacation is a pretty amazing date. But, I'm really into the basic movie and dinner. It's not where you are but who you're with that really matters.
Alexandra Daddario	I love stories about people that, whatever situation they're in, you can relate to them in a way.
Alexandra Daddario	I'm very into fantasy films.
Alexandra Daddario	To be an actress and act crazy is really fun for me, to be able to be acting like you'd never be able to act in your real life and scream and freak out. It's an interesting test for an actor.
Alexandra Daddario	Finding a stylist is a little like finding a date; you have to find who is right for you.
Alexandra Daddario	When I have no appointments, I spend the day in pajamas and go to the dog park in pajamas. I'm very casual.
Alexandra Daddario	I went to an all-girls school for part of high school, and the idea of boys was amazing to me; like, all I ever wanted to do was kiss boys and be around boys.
Alexandra Daddario	My mom used to model when she was younger, before she went to law school, and I think she thought it was pretty cool. I think my parents saw that acting ultimately made me happy, even though it was a rough ride for a little bit.
Alexandra Daddario	When I was first starting out as a kid, I tried to pad my resume with everything I had ever done - ice-skate, carry a tune. I can't dance for my life, but I can learn, so I'll tell people I can dance. I play the piano - I'm a really good pianist, actually.
Alexandra Daddario	I was obsessed with Nancy Drew growing up - I couldn't get enough.
Alexandra Daddario	Charlize Theron is perfect. She holds herself with so much poise and grace. I don't know if she looks so good because she has the best body or because she has the confidence to feel comfortable in what she's wearing.
Alexandra Daddario	Everyone has the opportunity to do a horror film. There's something great about it as an actor. You have to go to places you'd normally never go and be put in situations you would never be put into. You don't get the opportunity in a lot of films to have this kind of acting. It's an interesting challenge.
Alexandra Daddario	You do run and scream and cry and work yourself up into hysterics, and then you get back to the hotel at the end of the day, and you feel really off and really strange. And that's because rationally, even though you know everything is OK, you have put yourself through this traumatizing experience, and your body is still going.
Alexandre de Betak	Light is something that can really change your perception of space.
Alexandre de Betak	I love '70s organic architecture. I am very influenced by the time when I grew up.
Alexandre de Betak	I always loved bulbs, and I use light a lot in my shows. In my office in Paris, I have 300 bulbs.
Alexia Fast	I kind of view everybody like a rainbow. Everybody on the planet has all the colors of the rainbow inside.
Alexia Fast	When I was in high school, I got bullied through social media - on the Internet, on my Facebook. That was hard for me, and I think social media has made it easy for people to bully other people on-line because they can just post anything they want anonymously.
Alexia Fast	Acting has always been a way for me to express myself, and show all my vulnerabilities and flaws through my characters.
Alexia Fast	I get very involved in my characters. Sometimes I have a very hard time separating my characters from my life.
Alexia Fast	It's how I express myself - through storytelling and characters. They often reveal very intimate, vulnerable sides of myself.
Alexia Fast	Working with Christopher McQuarrie and working with Tom Cruise; two people who are just so good at what they do, it just makes you better.
Alexis de Tocqueville	The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Life is to be entered upon with courage.
Alexis de Tocqueville	The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money.
Alexis de Tocqueville	The Indian knew how to live without wants, to suffer without complaint, and to die singing.
Alexis de Tocqueville	I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all.
Alexis de Tocqueville	When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
Alexis de Tocqueville	There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one.
Alexis de Tocqueville	The Americans combine the notions of religion and liberty so intimately in their minds, that it is impossible to make them conceive of one without the other.
Alexis de Tocqueville	History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
Alexis de Tocqueville	As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
Alexis de Tocqueville	Grant me thirty years of equal division of inheritances and a free press, and I will provide you with a republic.
Alexis de Tocqueville	The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
Alexis de Tocqueville	I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
Alexis de Tocqueville	A democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
Alexis de Tocqueville	All those who seek to destroy the liberties of a democratic nation ought to know that war is the surest and shortest means to accomplish it.
Alexis de Tocqueville	There are many men of principle in both parties in America, but there is no party of principle.
Alexis de Tocqueville	In other words, a democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
Alexis de Tocqueville	In the United States, the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.
Alexis de Tocqueville	No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.
Alexis de Tocqueville	Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
Alexis de Tocqueville	We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
Alexis de Tocqueville	In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.
Alfred A. Montapert	Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred A. Montapert	Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.
Alfred A. Montapert	Your life will be no better than the plans you make and the action you take. You are the architect and builder of your own life, fortune, destiny.
Alfred A. Montapert	Every person has free choice. Free to obey or disobey the Natural Laws. Your choice determines the consequences. Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices.
Alfred A. Montapert	To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act!
Alfred A. Montapert	Nobody ever did, or ever will, escape the consequences of his choices.
Alfred A. Montapert	The majority see the obstacles; the few see the objectives; history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former.
Alfred A. Montapert	All lasting business is built on friendship.
Alfred A. Montapert	If you don't have solid beliefs you cannot build a stable life. Beliefs are like the foundation of a building, and they are the foundation to build your life upon.
Alfred A. Montapert	Every time you get angry, you poison your own system.
Alfred A. Montapert	Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.
Alfred A. Montapert	In life, the first thing you must do is decide what you really want. Weigh the costs and the results. Are the results worthy of the costs? Then make up your mind completely and go after your goal with all your might.
Alfred A. Montapert	The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit.
Alfred A. Montapert	Man is raw and wild, that is one of the reasons why he needs the Christian teaching.
Alfred A. Montapert	Live constructively and live optimistically.
Alfred A. Montapert	Happy is the person who not only sings, but feels God's eye is on the sparrow, and knows He watches over me. To be simply ensconced in God is true joy.
Alfred Adler	The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
Alfred Adler	God who is eternally complete, who directs the stars, who is the master of fates, who elevates man from his lowliness to Himself, who speaks from the cosmos to every single human soul, is the most brilliant manifestation of the goal of perfection.
Alfred Adler	A simple rule in dealing with those who are hard to get along with is to remember that this person is striving to assert his superiority; and you must deal with him from that point of view.
Alfred Adler	The only normal people are the ones you don't know very well.
Alfred Adler	The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
Alfred Adler	Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.
Alfred Adler	Man knows much more than he understands.
Alfred Adler	Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority.
Alfred Adler	We must never neglect the patient's own use of his symptoms.
Alfred Adler	No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
Alfred Adler	The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge to conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation.
Alfred Adler	Death is really a great blessing for humanity, without it there could be no real progress. People who lived for ever would not only hamper and discourage the young, but they would themselves lack sufficient stimulus to be creative.
Alfred Adler	To be a human being means to possess a feeling of inferiority which constantly presses towards its own conquest. The greater the feeling of inferiority that has been experienced, the more powerful is the urge for conquest and the more violent the emotional agitation.
Alfred Adler	We must interpret a bad temper as a sign of inferiority.
Alfred Adler	War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man.
Alfred Adler	There is no such thing as talent. There is pressure.
Alfred Adler	It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
Alfred Adler	There is a law that man should love his neighbor as himself. In a few hundred years it should be as natural to mankind as breathing or the upright gait; but if he does not learn it he must perish.
Alfred Adler	It is always easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
Alfred Adler	War is organized murder and torture against our brothers.
Alfred Adler	We cannot say that if a child is badly nourished he will become a criminal. We must see what conclusion the child has drawn.
Alfred Adler	A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt dangerous.
Alfred Adler	The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.
Alfred Adler	The truth is often a terrible weapon of aggression. It is possible to lie, and even to murder, with the truth.
Alfred Adler	It is the patriotic duty of every man to lie for his country.
Alfred Einstein	Sometimes the picture that emerges of the man seems no longer to agree with our conception of the musician. In reality, however, there is a glorious unity.
Alfred Einstein	There is a strange kind of human being in whom there is an eternal struggle between body and soul, animal and god, for dominance. In all great men this mixture is striking, and in none more so than in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
Alfred Einstein	It was inevitable that in doing this I should arrive at new results, and it is perhaps understandable that in the end I have felt impelled to present these results not only in the dry form of a catalogue, but also in a more connected and personal one.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	Once the amateur's naive approach and humble willingness to learn fades away, the creative spirit of good photography dies with it. Every professional should remain always in his heart an amateur.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	We are only beginning to learn what to say in a photograph. The world we live in is a succession of fleeting moments, any one of which might say something significant.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	Never boss people around. It's more important to click with people than to click the shutter.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	I don't like to work with assistants. I'm already one too many; the camera alone would be enough.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	I dream that someday the step between my mind and my finger will no longer be needed. And that simply by blinking my eyes, I shall make pictures. Then, I think, I shall really have become a photographer.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	It is more important to click with people than to click the shutter.
Alfred Eisenstaedt	Keep it simple.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.'
Alfred Lord Tennyson	My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock his competitors. The sensible worker does not work those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	A smile abroad is often a scowl at home.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead one to sovereign power.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	By blood a king, in heart a clown.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Love is the only gold.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Words, like nature, half reveal and half conceal the soul within.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	A sorrow's crown of sorrow is remembering happier times.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	I must lose myself in action, lest I wither in despair.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	We cannot be kind to each other here for even an hour. We whisper, and hint, and chuckle and grin at our brother's shame; however you take it we men are a little breed.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Shape your heart to front the hour, but dream not that the hours will last.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Ours not to reason why, ours but to do and die.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Guard your roving thoughts with a jealous care, for speech is but the dialer of thoughts, and every fool can plainly read in your words what is the hour of your thoughts.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	I am a part of all that I have met.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
Alfred Lord Tennyson	A lie which is half a truth is ever the blackest of lies.
Alfred Lord Tennyson	Theirs is not to make reply: Theirs is not to reason why: Theirs is but to do and die.
Ali Babacan	We have been talking with leaders: Change is coming; you can no longer have a closed regime with an open society - satellites, social media, the Internet - you have this kind, this kind of society moving forward, and you are running this closed regime; this is not sustainable. This cannot continue.
Ali Babacan	Turkey's energy bill due to imports will fall with the increase in use of renewable energy sources. We have no control over the prices of petroleum and natural gas.
Ali Babacan	Whatever the scenario, the dynamism of developing nations, their demographics and competitive power are great sources for superiority.
Ali Babacan	The fast fish, not the big fish, eats the small fish.
Ali Babacan	When Turkey buys Iranian oil, we pay for it in Turkish lira... However, it is not possible for Iran to take that money as dollars into its own country due to international restrictions, the U.S.A.'s sanctions. Therefore, when Iran cannot take this money back as currency, they withdraw Turkish lira and buy gold from our market.
Ali Babacan	A country which has a population 99% as their faith in Islam can also be a country which are subscribing to the universal values of the E.U.
Ali Babacan	Greece is not an easy country to do business in.
Ali Babacan	Islam and democracy can function together.
Ali Babacan	Leave history to historians.
Ali Babacan	Northern Iraq has become, economically, a natural extension of Turkey.
Ali Babacan	Openly speaking, the only formula that will save Greece's future is more trade with Turkey and more investment with Turkey.
Ali Babacan	Population is a strong driver of the economy as well as the quality of the labor force.
Ali Babacan	'The Economist' is a biased organization.
Ali Babacan	Those looking from Europe see Turkey as an economic success, whereas others from the Middle East see Turkey as a democratic success.
Ali Babacan	Turkey does not have an official exchange rate target.
Ali Babacan	Turkey is widely envied while there are very serious troubles in the world economy.
Ali Babacan	Turkey shares Europe's fundamental values of democracy and the rule of law.
Ali Babacan	Turkey will not let Turkish territory or airspace be used in any activity that could harm the security or safety of Syria.
Ali Babacan	Turkey's economy is powerful enough to tackle tough times.
Ali Babacan	It is unfair to ask Turkey to make a unilateral concession to take goods from Cyprus within the customs union when the E.U. is not open to northern Cyprus.
Ali Babacan	The E.U. initially decided to end the isolation of Turkish Cyprus, to balance the accession of Cyprus. But the E.U. has not carried through on its promise.
Ali Babacan	Turkey has a young and growing population. Until recently, this was perceived as a problem, a burden that Turkey would bring to the E.U. But it is, in fact, an asset that can help the population deficit of the E.U. and the economic growth of Turkey.
Ali Babacan	Turkey is going through an incredible economic, political and social transformation. What is most important is that Turkey has been the owner of this transformation. Ownership has been the key to success.
Ali Farahnakian	Teaching someone to be funny is like teaching someone to be fast. They're already fast. You're just making them faster.
Ali Farahnakian	The lifelong goal of an improviser is to listen to what the other person is saying, taking it in, and responding.
Ali Farahnakian	There are a million ways of arriving at a performance, any number of them solid.
Ali Farahnakian	Baseball players practice, runners practice, so how can you practice being funny? You get up onstage. You train as an improviser, playing make-believe, using the vernacular of improvisation, saying 'yes and' to other people's ideas, making statements.
Ali Farahnakian	There was a period in my life when I would say no, and I didn't know why I was saying no. In most cases, it was out of fear, just trying to be safe. Because 'no' will keep you safe. 'No' won't draw attention to you. But all the cool things are on the other side of 'Yes, And.'
Ali Farahnakian	Work on your craft, and your career will come. Work on your community, and your career will come. But just work on your career, and you'll have neither a craft nor a community.
Alice Hamilton	When I talked to my medical friends about the strange silence on this subject in American medical magazines and textbooks, I gained the impression that here was a subject tainted with Socialism or with feminine sentimentality for the poor.
Alice Hamilton	Illinois then had no legislation providing compensation for accident or disease caused by occupation.
Alice Hamilton	When employers tell me they prefer married men, and encourage their men to have homes of their own, because it makes them so much steadier, I wonder if they have any idea of all that that implies.
Alice Hamilton	Every article I wrote in those days, every speech I made, is full of pleading for the recognition of lead poisoning as a real and serious medical problem.
Alice Hamilton	No young doctor nowadays can hope for work as exciting and rewarding.
Alice Hamilton	From the first I became convinced that what I must look for was lead dust and lead fumes, that men were poisoned by breathing poisoned air, not by handling their food with unwashed hands.
Alice Hamilton	It was impossible for me to believe that conditions in Europe could be worse than they were in the Polish section of Chicago, and in many Italian and Irish tenements, or that any workshops could be worse than some of those I had seen in our foreign quarters.
Alice Hamilton	There can be no intelligent control of the lead danger in industry unless it is based on the principle of keeping the air clear from dust and fumes.
Alice Hamilton	It was easy to present figures demonstrating the contrast between lead work in the United States under conditions of neglect and ignorance, and comparable work in England and Germany, under intelligent control.
Alice Hamilton	Everything I discovered was new and most of it was really valuable.
Alice Hamilton	It was also my experience at Hull-House that aroused my interest in industrial diseases.
Alice James	Physical pain however great ends in itself and falls away like dry husks from the mind, whilst moral discords and nervous horrors sear the soul.
Alice James	One has a greater sense of degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Alice James	I make it a rule always to believe compliments implicitly for five minutes, and to simmer gently for twenty more.
Alice James	You must remember that a woman, by nature, needs much less to feed upon than a man, a few emotions and she is satisfied.
Alice James	How sick one gets of being 'good,' how much I should respect myself if I could burst out and make everyone wretched for twenty-four hours; embody selfishness.
Alice James	I suppose one has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Alice James	The difficulty about all this dying, is that you can't tell a fellow anything about it, so where does the fun come in?
Alice James	The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape.
Alice James	I wonder whether if I had an education I should have been more or less a fool that I am.
Alice James	Though I have no productive worth, I have a certain value as an indestructible quantity.
Alice James	What a sense of superiority it gives one to escape reading some book which everyone else is reading.
Alice Morse Earle	In the seventeenth century, the science of medicine had not wholly cut asunder from astrology and necromancy; and the trusting Christian still believed in some occult influences, chiefly planetary, which governed not only his crops but his health and life.
Alice Morse Earle	Every sea-captain who sailed to the West Indies was expected to bring home a turtle on the return voyage for a feast to his expectant friends.
Alice Morse Earle	Salem houses present to you a serene and dignified front, gracious yet reserved, not thrusting forward their choicest treasures to the eyes of passing strangers; but behind the walls of the houses, enclosed from public view, lie cherished gardens, full of the beauty of life.
Alice Morse Earle	The brank, or scold's bridle, was unknown in America in its English shape: though from colonial records we learn that scolding women were far too plentiful, and were gagged for that annoying and irritating habit.
Alice Morse Earle	The study of tavern history often brings to light much evidence of sad domestic changes. Many a cherished and beautiful home, rich in annals of family prosperity and private hospitality, ended its days as a tavern.
Alice Morse Earle	By the year 1670, wooden chimneys and log houses of the Plymouth and Bay colonies were replaced by more sightly houses of two stories, which were frequently built with the second story jutting out a foot or two over the first, and sometimes with the attic story still further extending over the second story.
Alice Morse Earle	From the hour when the Puritan baby opened his eyes in bleak New England, he had a Spartan struggle for life.
Alice Morse Earle	It is heartrending to read the entries in many an old family Bible - the records of suffering, distress, and blasted hopes.
Alice Morse Earle	Few of the early houses in New England were painted, or colored, as it was called, either without or within. Painters do not appear in any of the early lists of workmen.
Alice Morse Earle	In the early days of the New England colonies, no more embarrassing or hampering condition, no greater temporal ill, could befall any adult Puritan than to be unmarried.
Alice Morse Earle	It is plainly evident that, in a country where land was to be had for the asking, fuel for the cutting, corn for the planting and harvesting, and game and fish for the least expenditure of labor, no man would long serve for another, and any system of reliable service indoors or afield must fail.
Alice Morse Earle	Our Puritan forefathers, though bitterly denouncing all forms and ceremonies, were great respecters of persons; and in nothing was the regard for wealth and position more fully shown than in designating the seat in which each person should sit during public worship.
Alice Morse Earle	The first and most natural way of lighting the houses of the American colonists, both in the North and South, was by the pine-knots of the fat pitch-pine, which, of course, were found everywhere in the greatest plenty in the forests.
Alice Morse Earle	The first meeting-houses were often built in the valleys, in the meadow lands; for the dwelling-houses must be clustered around them, since the colonists were ordered by law to build their new homes within half a mile of the meeting-house.
Alice Morse Earle	The landlord of colonial days may not have been the greatest man in town, but he was certainly the best-known, often the most popular, and ever the most picturesque and cheerful figure.
Alice Morse Earle	The men in those old days of the seventeenth century, when in constant dread of attacks by Indians, always rose when the services were ended and left the house before the women and children, thus making sure the safe exit of the latter.
Alice Morse Earle	The pillory and stocks, the gibbet, and even the whipping-post, have seen many a noble victim, many a martyr. But I cannot think any save the most ignoble criminals ever sat in a ducking-stool.
Alice Morse Earle	There is something inexpressibly sad in the thought of the children who crossed the ocean with the Pilgrims and the fathers of Jamestown, New Amsterdam, and Boston, and the infancy of those born in the first years of colonial life in this strange new world.
Alice Morse Earle	We have very pretty Dutch gardens, so called, in America, but their chief claim to being Dutch is that they are set with bulbs, and have Delft or other earthen pots or boxes for formal plants or shrubs.
Alice Morse Earle	We should have scant notion of the gardens of these New England colonists in the seventeenth century were it not for a cheerful traveller named John Josselyn, a man of everyday tastes and much inquisitiveness, and the pleasing literary style which comes from directness, and an absence of self-consciousness.
Alice Morse Earle	When the first settlers landed on American shores, the difficulties in finding or making shelter must have seemed ironical as well as almost unbearable.
Alice Morse Earle	In the early New England meeting-houses the seats were long, narrow, uncomfortable benches, which were made of simple, rough, hand-riven planks placed on legs like milking-stools.
Alice Morse Earle	It is easy to gain a definite notion of the furnishing of colonial houses from a contemporary and reliable source - the inventories of the estates of the colonists.
Alice Morse Earle	One of the earliest institutions in every New England community was a pair of stocks. The first public building was a meeting-house, but often before any house of God was builded, the devil got his restraining engine.
Alice Morse Earle	Sunken gardens should be laid out under the supervision of an intelligent landscape architect; and even then should have a reason for being sunken other than a whim or increase in costliness.
Alice Walker	'Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding.
Alice Walker	If you want to have a life that is worth living, a life that expresses your deepest feelings and emotions and cares and dreams, you have to fight for it.
Alice Walker	Womanist is to feminist as purple is to lavender.
Alice Walker	I grew up in the South under segregation. So, I know what terrorism feels like - when your father could be taken out in the middle of the night and lynched just because he didn't look like he was in an obeying frame of mind when a white person said something he must do. I mean, that's terrorism, too.
Alice Walker	I have fallen in love with the imagination. And if you fall in love with the imagination, you understand that it is a free spirit. It will go anywhere, and it can do anything.
Alice Walker	The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker	Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself.
Alice Walker	I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.
Alice Walker	No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Alice Walker	Life is abundant, and life is beautiful. And it's a good place that we're all in, you know, on this earth, if we take care of it.
Alice Walker	Is solace anywhere more comforting than that in the arms of a sister.
Alice Walker	And so our mothers and grandmothers have, more often than not anonymously, handed on the creative spark, the seed of the flower they themselves never hoped to see - or like a sealed letter they could not plainly read.
Alice Walker	I think 'The Color Purple' is so bursting with love, the need for connection, the showing of the need for connection around the globe.
Alice Walker	We have to wake up. We have to refuse to be a clone.
Alice Walker	Sexuality is one of the ways that we become enlightened, actually, because it leads us to self-knowledge.
Alice Walker	Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
Alice Walker	It is justice and respect that I want the world to dust off and put - without delay, and with tenderness - back on the head of the Palestinian child. It will be imperfect justice and respect because the injustice and disrespect have been so severe. But I believe we are right to try.
Alice Walker	Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me.
Alice Walker	I'm not lesbian; I'm not bisexual; I'm not straight. I'm just curious.
Alice Walker	The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.
Alice Walker	I deeply regret any harm, or any perceived harm, that I may have done to anyone by any behaviour of mine.
Alice Walker	Most damage that others do us is out of fear, humiliation and pain. Those feelings occur in all of us, not just in those of us who profess a certain religious or racial devotion.
Alice Walker	The dropping of bombs on people - isn't that terrorism?
Alice Walker	It is because I recognize the brutality with which my own multi-branched ancestors have been treated that I can identify the despicable, lawless, cruel, and sadistic behavior that has characterized Israel's attempts to erase a people, the Palestinians, from their own land.
Alice Walker	Anybody can observe the Sabbath, but making it holy surely takes the rest of the week.
Alija Izetbegovic	I believe that the people, instead of pretty lies, should be told the truth, no matter how ugly it may be. What can we do, destiny hasn't been kind to us; but, with the help of God, we will prevail.
Alija Izetbegovic	Bosnia is a complicated country: three religions, three nations and those 'others'. Nationalism is strong in all three nations; in two of them there are a lot of racism, chauvinism, separatism; and now we are supposed to make a state out of that.
Alija Izetbegovic	The international community is pushing things forward in Bosnia... but it is doing it at expense of the Muslim people. I feel it as an injustice, these are the things that I cannot live with.
Alija Izetbegovic	In these negotiations we are not a helpless object, although great world powers are involved. We play an active role and try to influence our destiny; we have our own trump cards and we use them.
Alija Izetbegovic	All in all this is a difficult political struggle which will go on for years, in which our people won't die anymore; I'm not sure how much we will be able to win, but I'm certain that we won't loose anything that we have now.
Alija Izetbegovic	Our goal: the Islamization of Muslims. Our methods: to believe and to struggle.
Alija Izetbegovic	We Bosniaks would for sure fight for integrity of Bosnia.
Alija Izetbegovic	As far as the sovereignty of Bosnia-Hercegovina is concerned we agreed to have limited sovereignty for a limited time and that is clear from the Dayton Agreement.
Alison Jackson	You can watch a little bit of war from your nice living room - 30 seconds of what's going on in Syria - and when you've had enough, switch over to some celebrity programme. We live our life through screens and images in this way, and we don't know what is real or fake anymore. It doesn't matter.
Alison Jackson	The religious imagery and fairytales that formed our shared cultural references have been replaced by the cult of celebrity. Marilyn is the sex goddess, Camilla Parker Bowles is cast as the wicked witch, Che Guevara is the revolutionary. Celebrities have become visual shorthand for narratives that shape our lives.
Alison Jackson	When Princess Diana died, I couldn't understand why people were mourning her death in such an enormous, hysterical way when they didn't actually know her for real.
Alison Jackson	I don't really like using ridicule as a form of humor.
Alison Jackson	If you see everything through the lens, you are constantly composing pictures. I think in pictures; I don't think in text.
Alison Jackson	I can't remember exactly how old I was when my parents gave me my first camera, but it was a Canon, and I was certainly far too young to have such a good camera.
Alison Jackson	Photography acts as a teaser, suggesting we can know something that we can never know. And the more we can't obtain it, the more we want it.
Alison Jackson	Photography seduces us into thinking we can believe photographs, whereas we can't really believe that a picture can tell us any kind of truth at all.
Alison Jackson	Art work is inconclusive. It opens your mind up. At least, that's what I hope it does. And advertising, using exactly the same photograph, closes things down. It makes it conclusive. It sells a product, and that is its primary function.
Alison Jackson	I'd like to take more pictures of real celebrities. It would be fabulous to photograph Brad Pitt. He's so good-looking and just such a star.
Alison Jackson	I'm not really interested in the celebrity themselves. I'm interested in the perception of the celebrity.
Alison Jackson	I'm particularly interested in how you can't rely on your own perception.
Alison Jackson	It's always fun to put fake celebrities in unlikely situations, but somehow it's even more fun when politicians are involved.
Alison Jackson	Of course, my own political beliefs inform the ideas I come up with.
Alison Jackson	The only people I really hate are parking attendants.
Alison Jackson	I had a very outdoorsy childhood. I was athletic and used to ride and do dressage. I could ride almost before I could walk. There is a picture of me at 18 months old sitting happily on the back of a donkey.
Alison Jackson	Because Bin Laden's culture doesn't permit the worship of images, they understand how powerful images are. We wouldn't have thought of creating a visual bomb. In a way, he's chopped down two iconic buildings, and used our very truth imagery, to express himself. It's fascinating... I mean, dreadful.
Alison Jackson	Now celebrity has taken on a holy status all of its own, and we look to the stars to provide us with the transcendental experience that was once achieved through religion.
Alison Jackson	Warhol was the ultimate voyeur, constantly observing people through the lens. He watched and listened, but did not participate. Behind the camera, Warhol was in control.
Alison Jackson	I think privacy is important, and it's important you don't bore people with your own boring self.
Alison Jackson	I am very pro-royal. Britain without them would be a sadder place.
Alison Jackson	Photography can be a deceitful, superficial medium that leads us into believing something even though we know it's not necessarily true. It lulls us into a false sense of complacency.
Alison Jackson	A lot of people who look at my photographs think it is an easy joke, but it does take a bit of thinking about.
Alison Jackson	Among other things, I use a Samsung mobile phone, a very bad quality video camera, and an old Olympus with extremely bad Sigma lenses.
Alison Jackson	Career-wise, I feel very lucky to have always been able to follow my creative path.
Alistair Darling	Deficits must be cut, yes, but the rush to austerity risks undermining the fragile global recovery.
Alistair Darling	Our goal is to make finance the servant, not the master, of the real economy.
Alistair Darling	Tory plans to cut 'further and faster' would wreck recovery and roll back Labour's many successes.
Alistair Darling	The global economy is spluttering back into life. The Tories would have left it to choke to death.
Allan Hamilton	When people are facing a severe illness or a major surgery, that may be one of the most significant opportunities for spiritual transformation that they will encounter.
Allan Hamilton	I call horses 'divine mirrors' - they reflect back the emotions you put in. If you put in love and respect and kindness and curiosity, the horse will return that.
Allan Hamilton	I tell residents, if you gave me two patients with identical problems, and one of them had family at the bedside with a lot of laughter, plus photos and a quilt from home, and next door was another patient who was alone every time I came by - I'm going to be very nervous about the isolated patient's mental status.
Allan Hamilton	People think of science as rolling back the mystery of God. I look at science as slowly creeping toward the mystery of God.
Allan Hamilton	Therapy needs to be integrated. You mustn't forget about a patient's emotional wellbeing. It is vital to the outcome of their treatment.
Allan Hamilton	There are plenty of studies that have shown that depression is associated with decreased immunity. So I want to harness all of the positive emotional energy I can in a patient to get better.
Allen Iverson	When you are not practicing, someone else is getting better.
Allen Iverson	I had a lot of growing up to do. A lot of times, I learned the hard way.
Allen Iverson	I gave everything I had to basketball. The passion is still there, but the desire to play is not. It was a great ride.
Allen Iverson	If that many people recognize how hard I go every night and what I put into my game, to make myself and my team better, it means a lot to mean. I'm fortunate; I'm blessed to be in the situation that I'm in right now.
Allen Iverson	This is the thing you dream about when you're a kid, even before getting into the league.
Allen Iverson	When you lose, there is a whole bunch of room for negativity and I don't feed into this stuff and I do not do any talking. I don't run my mouth.
Allen Iverson	I believe that whatever we have, regardless of a trade being done or not, I feel we have a shot. I've just got to believe that we're going to be all right. I've got to just play basketball.
Allen Iverson	I don't want to just go to the playoffs, I don't want to go to the playoffs and win the first round, second round, and not win the whole thing because it's bittersweet.
Allen Iverson	Personally I just want to win a championship.
Allen Iverson	Being an All-Star is everything.
Allen Iverson	When you win, everything is everything. But when you lose, it's all about Allen Iverson and Larry Brown. When we win, I know that I get the praise and Larry Brown gets the praise, but when we lose, it's on me and Larry Brown. That's something that I have to learn to accept and deal with.
Allen Iverson	If I don't believe it, then they don't need me on the court. I've just got to believe that in my heart.
Allen Iverson	Man, people have been waiting for me to fall off my whole career. From the first time I stepped on the court. It probably made people sick to their stomachs watching my whole career, watching the things that I've done in my career.
Allen Iverson	I owe all of this to the guys I've played with and all the coaches that have helped me get to where I'm at right now. I'm honored to be here.
Allen Iverson	Man, I'm 31 years old and a husband with four kids; I hope I'm no thug. I hear all those negative things and don't hear anything positive. I think that's all those people feel... that way that's all they hear about when you hear Allen Iverson did something negative or something.
Allen Iverson	I love my fans in Philadelphia, but this is the hardest place in the world to play in. And I think it's the hardest place to play in to be a superstar. Just to be the No. 1 guy. All eyes on you - because everybody wants you to be perfect, but not themselves.
Allen Iverson	I don't care. I feel like if we don't make a trade, we have to get it done with what we've got.
Allen Iverson	This is like a tribute to them, the people who helped me to get here. The thing that makes me feel good about the whole thing is, the fans voted me here.
Allen Iverson	He's helped me do so much in my career, helped me be the player that I am. If there's no Larry Brown, then there's no MVP, Allen Iverson.
Allen Iverson	We should because when coaches get fired, the players have a lot to do with it.
Allyson Felix	The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.
Allyson Felix	I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift.
Allyson Felix	Being a role model is a privilege.
Allyson Felix	I am a sprinter, and I love to go fast. It's very difficult for me to be patient and follow a race strategy or conserve energy.
Allyson Felix	Philippians 1:21 is very special to me because it helps to keep my life centered.
Allyson Felix	I am a big believer in visualization. I run through my races mentally so that I feel even more prepared.
Allyson Felix	The biggest way I stay motivated is to run with a group of friends. Sometimes it's hard to get going by yourself, but if you have a plan and a meeting time, you know this run will happen for sure. It's a way to have fun - while also getting in a workout. Plus it distracts from pain, helps you fight fatigue, and gives you that extra push.
Allyson Felix	I always want to give more than I gave yesterday.
Allyson Felix	I'm really laid back but I still like to dress up sometimes.
Allyson Felix	My speed is a gift from God, and I run for His glory. Whatever I do, it all comes from him.
Allyson Felix	Before a race, I block out what's going on in the stadium. It's different for everyone. But for me, I've always been able to block it out. For a sprint race, it's important not to get distracted.
Allyson Felix	It was not until the end of my freshman year in high school that I thought I could really have a future in track and field. I definitely did not think I could make it to the Olympics back then, though; I was just focused on making it to the state finals!
Allyson Felix	I myself am frustrated in just where sports are at. It's a hard thing when you're out there working every day, and you know that someone else is cheating and they may not necessarily get caught.
Allyson Felix	My faith inspires me so much. It is the very reason that I run. I feel that my running is completely a gift from God and it is my responsibility to use it to glorify him.
Allyson Felix	I always look back to my first Olympic medal in 2004 in Athens. I was very new to the sport, and it was my first big win at the Olympics.
Allyson Felix	You know, I love wearing heels. I wish I could wear them all the time, but, you know, my sport doesn't really permit it.
Allyson Felix	I feel old.
Allyson Felix	I love the relays. Track is such an individual sport, so it's fun to do something together.
Allyson Felix	I spend around three hours on the track and two hours in the weight room, five or six days a week.
Allyson Felix	I'm just competitive. It doesn't matter what it is. I want to win.
Allyson Felix	Most people don't think about plyometrics when they think about powerful strength. But I do lots of them to build mine.
Allyson Felix	Right now I'd say my favorite fashion designer is Zac Posen.
Allyson Felix	The 200 meters is my baby. To me, it's the perfect distance. It's still a true sprint, but it unravels more. You get to enjoy the race a little bit more than the 100.
Allyson Felix	Try to think of working out and healthy eating as a lifestyle. Rather than go on a diet or try a crazy exercise routine, try making them something you do every day.
Allyson Felix	My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run.
Alphonso Jackson	The dream doesn't lie in victimization or blame; it lies in hard work, determination and a good education.
Alphonso Jackson	And what most people don't understand is the bulk of business in this country is small business.
Alphonso Jackson	I believe that if you are elderly, physically or mentally handicapped we have an obligation too you, but if you are able-bodied, you should be working.
Alphonso Jackson	You can't rise as a class. You have to rise individually. It's what many of the civil rights-era people don't understand.
Alphonso Jackson	The largest challenge that we face, from my perspective, is the ability to continue moving forward so the agency will have a single mission: that is, to provide decent, safe, and affordable housing.
Alphonso Jackson	The other part of outsourcing is this: it simply says where the work can be done outside better than it can be done inside, we should do it.
Alphonso Jackson	So, we're saying, if we can give developers and builders incentives to cut down on the regulatory barriers that are faced in this country, then we might be able to address the needs of affordable housing.
Alphonso Jackson	And I always like to stress, it's not a quota, not a set-aside, it's not about race, it's about giving opportunities to demonstrate their abilities to do work with the Federal Government.
Alphonso Jackson	America is a place where you can be born into a low-income household but still lift yourself up, and it doesn't matter what color you are.
Alphonso Jackson	I think that there will always be a need for Housing and Urban Development.
Alphonso Jackson	Progress for black Americans depends on good schools because education is the last great equalizer.
Alphonso Jackson	As you know, in this country Anglo-Americans are about 75 to 76 percent home ownership in this country, where Hispanics, African Americans are less than 50 percent.
Alphonso Jackson	One of the problems that we are confronted with is, when we decide to buy or build a home, we don't get a clear picture of what closing costs will be of that home.
Alphonso Jackson	In 1965, I marched for equality.
Alphonso Jackson	HUD's mission is to provide decency and sanitary housing for low and moderate income people in this country.
Alphonso Jackson	And I'm the kind of manager that doesn't believe that you micro-manage professionals. They should understand their responsibility and carry out those responsibility.
Alphonso Jackson	After leaving law school, I intentionally said that I never wanted to hold a job more than six years.
Alphonso Jackson	And for far too long, the Democrats have had a monopoly on black votes in this country.
Alphonso Jackson	But we look back now, and we realize the Great Society was not a success.
Alphonso Jackson	For the first half of my adult life, I was a Democrat.
Alphonso Jackson	I think serving your government is the greatest thing in the world.
Alphonso Jackson	In the final analysis, it is your decision to make, but it doesn't move as fast as I'd like it to move.
Alphonso Jackson	So, I have the responsibility of making sure that HUD functions and runs well.
Alphonso Jackson	But I do know this: that the two and a half years that I've been at HUD, I am absolutely convinced that some of the best workers in the world are in Federal Government.
Alphonso Jackson	The Bush administration is the most diverse in history because the president fills jobs on the basis of a person's capabilities and qualifications, not on the color of his or her skin.
Alvar Aalto	Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
Alvar Aalto	Just as it takes time for a speck of fish spawn to develop into a fully grown fish, so, too, we need time for everything that develops and crystallizes in the world of ideas. Architecture demands more of this time than other creative work.
Alvar Aalto	The best standardisation committee in the world is nature herself, but in nature standardisation occurs mainly in connection with the smallest possible units: cells. The result is millions of flexible combinations in which one never encounters the stereotyped.
Alvar Aalto	The ultimate goal of the architect...is to create a paradise. Every house, every product of architecture... should be a fruit of our endeavour to build an earthly paradise for people.
Alvar Aalto	Even the smallest daily chore can be humanized with the harmony of culture.
Alvar Aalto	Once I tried to make a standardization of staircases. Probably that is one of the oldest of the standardizations. Of course, we design new staircase steps every day in connection with all our houses, but a standardized step depends on the height of the buildings and on all kinds of things.
Alvar Aalto	God created paper for the purpose of drawing architecture on it. Everything else is, at least for me, an abuse of paper.
Alvar Aalto	Our time is so specialised that we have people who know more and more or less and less.
Alvar Aalto	Human life is a combination of tragedy and comedy. The shapes and designs that surround us are the music accompanying this tragedy and this comedy.
Alvar Aalto	Every one of my buildings begins with an Italian journey.
Alvar Aalto	The most difficult problems are naturally not involved in the search for forms for contemporary life. It is a question of working our way to forms behind which real human values lie.
Alvar Aalto	The very essence of architecture consists of a variety and development reminiscent of natural organic life. This is the only true style in architecture.
Alvar Aalto	I tell you, it is easier to build a grand opera or a city center than to build a personal house.
Alvar Aalto	Architecture is not merely national but clearly has local ties in that it is rooted in the earth.
Alvar Aalto	Form must have a content, and that content must be linked with nature.
Alvar Aalto	We have almost a city has probably two or three hundred committees. Every committee is dealing with just one problem and has nothing to do with the other problems.
Alvar Aalto	Architecture belongs to culture, not to civilization.
Alvar Aalto	We should concentrate our work not only to a separated housing problem but housing involved in our daily work and all the other functions of the city.
Alvar Aalto	Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art.
Alvar Aalto	I do not write, I build.
Alvar Aalto	We should work for simple, good, undecorated things, but things which are in harmony with the human being and organically suited to the little man in the street.
Alvar Aalto	The tubular steel chair is surely rational from technical and constructive points of view. It is light, suitable for mass production, and so on. But steel and chromium surfaces are not satisfactory from the human point of view.
Alvin Adams	My view is different. Public relations are a key component of any operation in this day of instant communications and rightly inquisitive citizens.
Alvin Adams	I am convinced that dealing intelligently with the press is of the greatest importance to the success and effectiveness of a humanitarian mission.
Alvin Adams	Well I just figure any man who risks his neck to save a dog's life isn't going to kill someone for gold teeth.
Alvin Adams	Appreciate the power of rumor, often malicious, no matter how preposterous, within the local populations you are seeking to help.
Alvin Adams	Unfortunately, the attitude of many towards the press, humanitarians included and especially government workers, is often one of suspicion, if not outright fear.
Alvin Adams	Humanitarian missions are little different from any other public enterprise, diplomacy included, which is susceptible of misinterpretation by the public, hence ultimately of failure.
Alvin Dark	Every player should be accorded the privilege of at least one season with the Chicago Cubs. That's baseball as it should be played - in God's own sunshine. And that's really living.
Alvin Dark	The Giants were supposed to have a new motto, 'Shut up and deal.'
Alvin Dark	The Lord taught me to love everybody, but the last ones I learned to love were the sportswriters.
Alvin Dark	A manager doesn't hear the cheers.
Alvin Dark	Friendships are forgotten when the game begins.
Alvin Dark	A fellow has to have faith in God above and Rollie Fingers in the bullpen.
Alvin Dark	Any pitcher who throws at a batter and deliberately tries to hit him is a communist.
Alvin Dark	In this game of baseball, you live by the sword and die by it. You hit and get hit. Remember that.
Alvin Dark	Slow thinkers are part of the game too. Some of these slow thinkers can hit a ball a long way.
Alvin Dark	The writers want to know were you made your mistake, no how well your curve is breaking.
Amanda Abbington	I'm quite a good listener, and I'm good at looking after people.
Amanda Abbington	If the character is really well-rounded, and it's a really strong character, and if the writing is just fantastic, that's the thing that will hook me in, certainly.
Amanda Abbington	I sometimes don't wash my hair for two weeks. That's pretty disgusting. It's short, so sometimes it's easier to just wet it.
Amanda Abbington	If you get a script and it's really well written, that's always exciting.
Amanda Abbington	I like being a mother.
Amanda Abbington	I've always wanted to make sure people are okay, ever since I was a little girl.
Amanda Eliasch	Everything is for sale in Hollywood; the fairy tale, the costume, the pumpkin, the footman and the mice.
Amanda Eliasch	I'm learning to deal with my loneliness because then nobody can muck me around any more.
Amanda Eliasch	There is superficiality to Hollywood, and yes, it is charming. Of course there is sunshine, but there is also a dark side. It's a difficult place if you don't know people, and if you can't drive, you will find it lonely. You have to create your own bubble.
Amanda Eliasch	All my family were brilliant cooks when I was growing up, but I ended up just cleaning up, so I've always lacked confidence in the kitchen.
Amanda Eliasch	Every woman has, for her own self-esteem, to work or have a major interest.
Amanda Eliasch	I don't think I've ever come to terms with not having had a father around, and that's why I made so many mistakes with men.
Amanda Eliasch	I like my privacy, and my personal bank manager is one of my favourite people.
Amanda Eliasch	I like to be free.
Amanda Eliasch	I wasn't very ambitious. I really wanted to get married.
Amanda Eliasch	I'm not keen on the Internet. I don't trust it.
Amanda Eliasch	If I can't be happy, nobody can be happy.
Amanda Eliasch	If I could only have cash, I know that I would spend very little.
Amanda Eliasch	In L.A., you seem to meet only one sort of person.
Amanda Eliasch	In real life you are doomed if you believe in youth and money, but not here in Hollywood. Nothing is what it seems.
Amanda Eliasch	Most of the friends you trust are those you've known for 10 years.
Amanda Eliasch	My marriage started to go badly wrong after I had my second son.
Amanda Eliasch	Part of me is very shy.
Amanda Eliasch	Sometimes I think I've been too honest, and other times, too explicit.
Amanda Eliasch	Tinseltown is eerily silent when The Oscars, The Emmys and The Grammys, The Sag Awards, and The Golden Globes aren't in full swing.
Amanda Eliasch	My mother was an opera singer and my grandmother a concert pianist, and they only liked classical music. If I put on a pop record, they would tell me to turn it off, so I only listen to classical.
Amanda Hale	I've come to realise I work so much better when I'm going by instinct.
Amanda Hale	The first time my mum and dad went to the theatre was at my drama school in third year.
Amanda Hale	I grew up in northwest London on a council estate. My parents are Irish immigrants who came over here when they were very young and worked in menial jobs all their lives, and I'm one of many siblings.
Amanda Hale	My dad came over from Ireland when he was 13 and lived on the streets, working on building sites, and has just retired from his job delivering furniture for John Lewis. My mum has had the same job for 30 years as a sales assistant at Marks and Spencer. They've always been really great; they just want me to be happy.
Amanda Hale	No matter how brilliant an actor is, there's always a point where they let you down, but that's all part of their journey. They might be trying something they need to explore.
Amanda Hale	Some people see acting as a kind of stroll on the beach, and some people see it as a kind of skydive. And I've had lots of strolls on the beach in my life, so I'd like to do a skydive.
Ambrose Bierce	Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.
Ambrose Bierce	Optimism - the doctrine or belief that everything is beautiful, including what is ugly.
Ambrose Bierce	Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
Ambrose Bierce	Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Ambrose Bierce	Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
Ambrose Bierce	Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Ambrose Bierce	Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Ambrose Bierce	Jealous, adj. Unduly concerned about the preservation of that which can be lost only if not worth keeping.
Ambrose Bierce	Belladonna, n.: In Italian a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison. A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.
Ambrose Bierce	Marriage, n: the state or condition of a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves, making in all, two.
Ambrose Bierce	Telephone, n. An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
Ambrose Bierce	Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me.
Ambrose Bierce	Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
Ambrose Bierce	War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
Ambrose Bierce	Mad, adj. Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
Ambrose Bierce	Quotation, n: The act of repeating erroneously the words of another.
Ambrose Bierce	Sweater, n.: garment worn by child when its mother is feeling chilly.
Ambrose Bierce	Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
Ambrose Bierce	What is a democrat? One who believes that the republicans have ruined the country. What is a republican? One who believes that the democrats would ruin the country.
Ambrose Bierce	Edible, adj.: Good to eat, and wholesome to digest, as a worm to a toad, a toad to a snake, a snake to a pig, a pig to a man, and a man to a worm.
Ambrose Bierce	Land: A part of the earth's surface, considered as property. The theory that land is property subject to private ownership and control is the foundation of modern society, and is eminently worthy of the superstructure.
Ambrose Bierce	Dawn: When men of reason go to bed.
Ambrose Bierce	Alliance - in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Ambrose Bierce	History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools.
Ambrose Bierce	Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
Amelia Barr	With renunciation life begins.
Amelia Barr	It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
Amelia Barr	It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
Amelia Barr	All changes are more or less tinged with melancholy, for what we are leaving behind is part of ourselves.
Amelia Barr	Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science; like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.
Amelia Barr	Old age is the verdict of life.
Amelia Barr	The inevitable has always found me ready and hopeful.
Amelia Barr	It is little men know of women; their smiles and their tears alike are seldom what they seem.
Amelia Barr	The great difference between voyages rests not with the ships, but with the people you meet on them.
Amelia Barr	The fate of love is that it always seems too little or too much.
Amelia Barr	Kindness is always fashionable.
Amelia Barr	But what do we know of the heart nearest to our own? What do we know of our own heart?
Amelia Barr	But the lover's power is the poet's power. He can make love from all the common strings with which this world is strung.
Amelia Barr	There is no corner too quiet, or too far away, for a woman to make sorrow in it.
Amelia Barr	Events that are predestined require but little management. They manage themselves. They slip into place while we sleep, and suddenly we are aware that the thing we fear to attempt, is already accomplished.
Amelia Barr	That is the great mistake about the affections. It is not the rise and fall of empires, the birth and death of kings, or the marching of armies that move them most. When they answer from their depths, it is to the domestic joys and tragedies of life.
Amelia Barr	This world is run with far too tight a rein for luck to interfere. Fortune sells her wares; she never gives them. In some form or other, we pay for her favors; or we go empty away.
Amelia Barr	Whatever the scientists may say, if we take the supernatural out of life, we leave only the unnatural.
Amelia Barr	What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves.
Amelia Barr	When men make themselves into brutes it is just to treat them like brutes.
Amelia Earhart	The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure , the process is its own reward.
Amelia Earhart	Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Amelia Earhart	The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Amelia Earhart	Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Amelia Earhart	The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Amelia Earhart	Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
Amelia Earhart	Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
Amelia Earhart	The woman who can create her own job is the woman who will win fame and fortune.
Amelia Earhart	Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Amelia Earhart	Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.
Amelia Earhart	Obviously I faced the possibility of not returning when first I considered going. Once faced and settled there really wasn't any good reason to refer to it.
Amelia Earhart	Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
Amelia Earhart	Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.
Amelia Earhart	Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.
Amelia Earhart	Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.
Amelia Earhart	There are two kinds of stones, as everyone knows, one of which rolls.
Amelia Earhart	In soloing - as in other activities - it is far easier to start something than it is to finish it.
Amelia Earhart	I want to do it because I want to do it.
Amelia Earhart	There is so much that must be done in a civilized barbarism like war.
Amitabh Bachchan	I like to feel the butterflies in the stomach, I like to go home and have a restless night and wonder how I'm going to be able to accomplish this feat, get jittery. That hunger and those butterflies in the stomach are very essential for all creative people.
Amitabh Bachchan	Indian actors, because of the format of our stories, need to be good actors, and be able to perform emotional sequences, do a bit of comedy, dance and singing, action, because all of this forms just one film. In many ways I'd say there are greater demands on Indian actors than there are on Hollywood.
Amitabh Bachchan	I just lead my life as naturally, as normally as I possibly can. But I can't help it if controversy is hounding me day in and day out. I'm quite amazed sometimes by the way they go about it. I grow a beard and it lands up in the editorial in The Times of India.
Amitabh Bachchan	Basically I am just another actor who loves his work and this thing about age only exists in the media.
Amitabh Bachchan	I am looking forward to going to Dubai because it gives us an opportunity to interact with each other. We can sit and enjoy each other's company. We can go out for a walk without worrying about shooting schedules.
Amitabh Bachchan	The amount of things I have been through and the remarkable ways in which the body has reacted is just phenomenal. No wonder I became religious, because you don't know why something's happening to you and you don't know how you bounced back.
Amitabh Bachchan	Everyone must accept that we will age and age is not always flattering.
Amitabh Bachchan	You don't see Indians in Hollywood films around which a story can revolve. As soon as we have a social presence in your society, I am sure there will be many actors from our part of the world that will be acting in Hollywood films.
Amitabh Bachchan	I don't use any techniques; I'm not trained to be an actor. I just enjoy working in films.
Amitabh Bachchan	I sometimes lament the fact that I do not have the benefit of a complete and ailment free body structure.
Amitabh Bachchan	Mr. Leonardo DiCaprio - he be soo gorgeous, no wonder all the ladies flockin' to him - He be Gatsby.
Amitabh Bachchan	Frankly I've never really subscribed to these adjectives tagging me as an 'icon', 'superstar', etc. I've always thought of myself as an actor doing his job to the best of his ability.
Amitabh Bachchan	I did not resign from politics because of Bofors. I resigned because I do not know how to play petty politics. I did not know back then and I don't know now either.
Amitabh Bachchan	I'd love to romance Aishwarya Rai. But I'm 58 now. So I have to play her father.
Amitabh Bachchan	There are many things that I feel I have missed out on.
Amitabh Bachchan	It's a war zone, my body, and one which has been through a great deal.
Amitabh Bachchan	Dearest TV media and vans outside my home, please do not stress and work so hard.
Amitabh Bachchan	I have never been a superstar and never believed in it.
Amitabh Bachchan	No new projects at the moment. There are restrictions to how much I can take on. And I need to finish those that I am committed to do before thinking ahead. But I'd rather they take final shape before we talk of them.
Amitabh Bachchan	The select group of people who do make realistic cinema, who do make cinema perhaps a little more acceptable to the Western audience, is a very small percentage.
Amitabh Bachchan	I have never really been confident about my career at any stage.
Amrita Acharia	I love leather. I'm very much a leather jacket, leather trousers kind of girl.
Amrita Acharia	I wasn't even going to do acting. I don't know how it even happened, to be honest. I was going to go into psychology or something like that. Or business. And then some moment of madness took over and I decided, 'Oh, I'm gonna go to London and try to be an actor.'
Amy Acker	Because I've done so many hour dramas, people tend to think of you as more of a dramatic actor and don't see you as doing comedy.
Amy Acker	People say, 'You look like the girl who used to be on that show 'Angel'' - they don't actually think I'm her.
Amy Acker	Usually when people see me, they see me as more of the soft-spoken one rather than being the witty, smart-tongued character.
Amy Acker	I've always been obsessed with Audrey Hepburn.
Amy Acker	Genre stuff is the most exciting stuff for an actor to play. I get to try new things, do things I would have never got the chance to do.
Amy Acker	I like the idea of shows where I don't know where I'll be at the end of the season.
Amy Adams	I like Cinderella, I really do. She has a good work ethic. I appreciate a good, hard-working gal. And she likes shoes. The fairy tale is all about the shoe at the end, and I'm a big shoe girl.
Amy Adams	I find that it's the simple things that remind you of family around the holidays.
Amy Adams	I think a lot of times we don't pay enough attention to people with a positive attitude because we assume they are naive or stupid or unschooled.
Amy Adams	Perfect isn't normal, nor is it interesting. I have no features without makeup. I am pale. I have blond lashes. You could just paint my face - it's like a blank canvas. It can be great for what I do.
Amy Adams	When I died my hair red the first time, I felt as if it was what nature intended. I have been accused of being a bit of a spitfire, so in that way, I absolutely live up to the stereotype. The red hair suits my personality. I was a terrible blonde!
Amy Adams	I used to have a lot of superstitions, and then I realized that it was kind of hogwash. Once I let go of them, I relaxed a lot.
Amy Adams	I come from musical theater, and a lot of musical theater is about accepting fantasy. I think it is more about just being open and accepting.
Amy Adams	I'm pretty Sicilian if I've been crossed. I don't seek revenge, but I never forget. And I make it hard to repair, which is not a great quality because if people held me to that standard, no one would be around me - ever.
Amy Adams	Moving out to L.A. for me was a leap of faith. I was very secure in my dinner theater world; I loved it, and I was just like, 'I think there's something else out there for me and I just have to go for it.'
Amy Adams	Being pregnant finally helped me understand what my true relationship was with my body - meaning that it wasn't put on this earth to look good in a swimsuit.
Amy Adams	I'd love to be a diva. But I'd then have to send so many apology notes for my abhorrent behaviour.
Amy Adams	Thirty was a big deal for me. It was the age where I reevaluated everything - how I approached life and how I thought about myself. When I look at my 20s, or when I look at any period in my life, I think about how much time I've wasted trying to find the right man.
Amy Adams	Most of the time it's the parents who recognise me. They try to tell their kids, 'Look, it's Giselle,' and I say, 'No, no, no, don't ruin this for them,' because I'm usually standing there with my hair sideways and no make-up on. And the kid is saying, 'That is not Giselle. No way. That is some worn-out girl who really needs a bath.'
Amy Adams	I'm really good at gymnastics, and that's about it.
Amy Adams	As an actress people always tease me like: if there's anything you can do to make yourself unattractive you will do it.
Amy Adams	It's just very homey in Ireland. It's very comforting and comfortable. There's lots of fireplaces with fires. It's just really cozy.
Amy Adams	I grew up as a Mormon, and that had more of an impact on my values than my beliefs. I'm afraid I will always feel the weight of a lie. I'm very hard on myself anyway. Religious guilt carries over too. You can't really misbehave without feeling badly about it. At least, I can't.
Amy Adams	I was one of seven, and we took a lot of road trips - long road trips. And this was before iPhones and iPads and DVD players in cars. I remember how novel it was when I got my own Walkman so I could listen to music.
Amy Adams	I have a hard time articulating the emotional experience of working on a film. Even when I have meetings on films or discussing them with directors, I find that's my biggest challenge. Different words mean different things to people.
Amy Adams	Some of these actresses or public personas who are very public about their disciplined diets, more power to them. I just don't see the point. I'm just not going to be one of those people photographed in a bikini where people are like, 'OMG, look at Amy!' I mean, it might be OMG, but not for the reasons I want.
Amy Adams	When I was younger, my sister thought it was funny to pretend to punch me in the face because my mom was concerned about my teeth falling out. They were loose for a long time, and she knocked out my teeth.
Amy Adams	I didn't necessarily fit in in high school. I felt very awkward. I still feel completely awkward and weird in my body sometimes. I'm hoping that's going to go away, but I've just embraced it as reality.
Amy Adams	I tend to be really pragmatic, but ultimately tend to be attracted to people who pull me into more spontaneity. I've really learned that, through surrender, the best experiences of my life have happened.
Amy Adams	I think that I've always been attracted to characters who are positive and come from a very innocent place. I think there's a lot of room for discovery in these characters, and that's something I always have fun playing.
Amy Adams	I'm like the luckiest girl in the world. I've gotten to be a princess, I've gotten to work with the Muppets. A lot of my childhood dreams about who I wanted to be when I was a grown-up, I at least get to play them in movies.
Amy Irving	I thought that my movie career was finished. I was quite happy to dedicate myself 100% to the theater. Surprisingly enough, I've never gotten so many work offers. It's so exciting, this feeling of a new beginning after 40.
Amy Irving	I used to travel in tennis shoes; I am just not allowed to anymore. I'm an old hippie from San Francisco.
Amy Irving	And you know, the baby boomers are getting older, and those off the rack clothes are just not fitting right any longer, and so, tailor-made suits are coming back into fashion.
Amy Irving	You walk off the plane in Rio, and your blood temperature goes up. The feel of the wind on your face, the water on your skin, the taste of the food, the music, the sexuality; Brazilians are very comfortable in their sexuality.
Amy Irving	I will argue my points; I will have my opinions. But at the end of the day, it's the director's choice.
Amy Irving	Actors are not a great breed of people, I don't think. I count myself as something of an exception. I grew up in the theater, and my values were about the work, and not being a star or anything like that. I'm not spoiled in that way, and if I fight for something, it's about the work, not about how big my trailer is.
Amy Irving	I have a passion to do theater.
Amy Irving	One of my problems is that I'm very honest and direct. You pay a price for that.
Amy Irving	In the U.S., with very few exceptions, actresses older than 35 are simply discarded.
Amy Irving	I get along great with directors, but I think some producers would tell you I'm a pain. They may say I'm tough to work with, but I have a great passion for what I do. I believe in fighting for it.
Amy Irving	When my career first began, I didn't have children - so there's a whole lot of difference in the way I choose roles now. Not just films for my children, but how long I'm going to be away, and is Dad going to be home while I'm gone. That sort-of factor plays a part.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm so bad at spontaneous impressions.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm very social, and in a place like New York, even if you're alone on the subway, you never feel lonely.
Ana Gasteyer	I'd like to say that parody is a celebration of a person's specific characteristics, as opposed to mockery.
Ana Gasteyer	Losing yourself in the character opens you up in a way that no amount of precise preparation can.
Ana Gasteyer	I was inspired more by early Bette Midler. I do wear a fancy dress and very high heels - and extra high hair. My goal is to obliterate all earnestness.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm a liberal inside a liberal's body.
Ana Gasteyer	Be tenacious. Get as much stage time as possible.
Ana Gasteyer	I always loved comedy but I didn't start formally until I was in college.
Ana Gasteyer	I live in Brooklyn.
Ana Gasteyer	I love people who try to keep the world in control - because the world is inherently not in control.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm not a standup, but I play one on TV.
Ana Gasteyer	I've always lived in a city.
Ana Gasteyer	I've always lived in a city. I'm very social, and in a place like New York, even if you're alone on the subway, you never feel lonely.
Ana Gasteyer	It's definitely like being in some weird sorority. I'm friends with a lot of actresses, but my 'SNL' friends are my closest.
Ana Gasteyer	It's funny, there are so many women who are former executives and have taken all that stress and anxiety and transferred it onto their kids.
Ana Gasteyer	It's so easy in these cabaret venues to get earnest.
Ana Gasteyer	You know, once somebody knows you can sing Elphaba, it's like being able to sing Evita - people shut up about it already.
Ana Gasteyer	I played Liddy Dole last year and met her as well. From the artful way she phrased it, I still don't know if she had actually seen me play her. She made it sound like it was good, but that's just a gift they have.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm friends with a lot of actresses, but my 'SNL' friends are my closest. The experience of working there is something of a battleground, a great one, but complicated. I think there's a deep connection for having survived that workplace.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm not much of a famous-person friend. I've hung out with Brooke Shields and I don't think I've ever seen that kind of pure face recognition, but I keep a low profile.
Ana Gasteyer	I'm pretty earthy; I nursed forever because I liked it and my kids liked it, but at the same time I'm very laissez-faire about stuff like bedtimes and food.
Ana Ivanovic	Fame and success and titles stay with you, but they wear out eventually. In the end, all that you are left with is your character.
Ana Ivanovic	If I make a change to a young kid to play any sport, not only tennis, instead of spending time in front of the TV or computer, that is good. I want to give them a good example: 'Hey, go out and play and see the world.'
Ana Ivanovic	I like to have my privacy. I don't like people knowing what I do in my free time. I am also a very shy person, but I understand that people want to know more.
Ana Ivanovic	I really just try to enjoy the game and hope that I can inspire young kids. I started playing tennis because of Monica Seles, and I try to promote the sport in the best possible way. Sometimes it's hard because you get upset on court, but I think in life one learns through experiences in order to evolve as a person.
Ana Ivanovic	Ever since I was a kid, I've always thought it very important to be happy inside. There's a lot of bad things happening in the world, but it's important to try to stay happy and appreciate what you've got, and don't look externally for the happiness.
Ana Ivanovic	I like men who have goals, something that they are passionate about and work hard to achieve. A good sense of humor is important too. And I like tall guys!
Ana Ivanovic	I'm quite an emotional person. I cry a lot. I do not like conflict, so if I have an argument with my parents, I'll often cry. I become too emotional.
Ana Ivanovic	I like to be alone and listen to music. Every match I play, I have a tune in my head over and over. It might only be a few words or a small piece of the tune, but it can drive you mad.
Ana Ivanovic	I'm very proud to be a professional tennis player. I'm really happy to be doing something that I love. With this comes responsibility, and I am honored when I am told that I have inspired someone to play tennis.
Ana Ivanovic	As a people, Serbians are very tall, and we have olive skin and dark hair, which can look very nice. You have to be very beautiful to stand out.
Ana Ivanovic	I won two ITF tournaments in Japan in two weeks. I had to qualify for both of them, which meant that I won 16 matches in 15 days.
Ana Ivanovic	Even if I play backgammon with my coach, I hate to lose. I won't talk to him for, like, an hour. So imagine how it feels when you lose at tennis. That makes me determined not to lose because I hate it so much. Even at a set down and match point, I always believe I can come back.
Ana Ivanovic	It's important to understand that you have to dedicate time to your sponsors, to have relationships with the people and the media, but it is also hard when you are first coming up and your primary focus is on tennis.
Anais Nin	Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Anais Nin	And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.
Anais Nin	Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Anais Nin	I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Anais Nin	We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Anais Nin	We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Anais Nin	Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
Anais Nin	When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons. We cease to grow.
Anais Nin	A leaf fluttered in through the window this morning, as if supported by the rays of the sun, a bird settled on the fire escape, joy in the task of coffee, joy accompanied me as I walked.
Anais Nin	If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.
Anais Nin	Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Anais Nin	Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Anais Nin	Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
Anais Nin	Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Anais Nin	How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
Anais Nin	I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.
Anais Nin	The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
Anais Nin	Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat.
Anais Nin	Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Anais Nin	Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Anais Nin	People living deeply have no fear of death.
Anais Nin	There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
Anais Nin	Dreams are necessary to life.
Anais Nin	My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living.
Anais Nin	The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Anant Agarwal	I think we can question whether degrees are antediluvian. Online learning has flexibility. Why not master courses in energy, writing, communications, and engineering and get a credential?
Anant Agarwal	A large number of students around the world don't really have access to high quality education. So, launching EdX allows students all over the world to have much better access to a high quality education from a university such as Harvard, MIT, Berkeley and others as we add more universities.
Anant Agarwal	There is a huge value in learning with instant feedback.
Anant Agarwal	The online credential, the online certificate is very different from an on campus certificate. And we really believe that online learning and the EdX platform and the EdX portal, these are ways in which - you can think of them as a rising tide that's going to lift all boats whether for students worldwide or on our campuses.
Anant Agarwal	When you're teaching a hard concept and the students all have puzzled looks on their faces and then suddenly you can see that 'aha' moment, that they got it, that's just an incredible thing.
Anant Agarwal	At the end of the day, I think the more online educators there are, I think the better off the whole world is.
Anant Agarwal	Concepts like edX and online learning will transform education. This will completely change the world. I believe that people will move to online learning, both on campuses and worldwide. We have a real opportunity to be able to bring people around the world into our fold.
Anant Agarwal	We already have a professor who's using an online social network of MIT alums to help educate students in programming. Just imagine expanding that in Facebook-fashion to tens or hundreds of millions of people around the world.
Anant Agarwal	We are making sure that the courses we offer at MITx and HarvardX are quintessential MIT and Harvard courses. They are not watered down. They are not MIT Lite or Harvard Lite. These are hard courses. These are the exact same courses, so the certificate will mean something.
Anant Agarwal	EdX will be a creating a platform which will be open source, not for profit, and a portal for a website where universities will offer their courses. For example, MIT courses will be offered as MITx and Harvard courses as HarvardX.
Anatole France	To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Anatole France	Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened.
Anatole France	You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Anatole France	It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Anatole France	To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all.
Anatole France	The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
Anatole France	All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Anatole France	An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
Anatole France	In art as in love, instinct is enough.
Anatole France	The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Anatole France	It is better to understand little than to misunderstand a lot.
Anatole France	Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe.
Anatole France	The truth is that life is delicious, horrible, charming, frightful, sweet, bitter, and that is everything.
Anatole France	It is human nature to think wisely and act in an absurd fashion.
Anatole France	Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Anatole France	Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
Anatole France	It is well for the heart to be naive and the mind not to be.
Anatole France	Innocence most often is a good fortune and not a virtue.
Anatole France	Only men who are not interested in women are interested in women's clothes. Men who like women never notice what they wear.
Anatole France	Nature has no principles. She makes no distinction between good and evil.
Anatole France	There are very honest people who do not think that they have had a bargain unless they have cheated a merchant.
Anatole France	The greatest virtue of man is perhaps curiosity.
Anatole France	War will disappear only when men shall take no part whatever in violence and shall be ready to suffer every persecution that their abstention will bring them. It is the only way to abolish war.
Anatole France	If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
Anatole France	Lovers who love truly do not write down their happiness.
Andre Agassi	Nothing can substitute for just plain hard work. I had to put in the time to get back. And it was a grind. It meant training and sweating every day. But I was completely committed to working out to prove to myself that I still could do it.
Andre Agassi	I've been motivated by overcoming challenge and overcoming the hurdles and obstacles that face me. There still is plenty out there to get motivated by.
Andre Agassi	What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose.
Andre Agassi	I question myself every day. That's what I still find motivating about this. I don't have the answers, I don't pretend that I do just because I won the match. Just keep fighting and maybe something good happens.
Andre Agassi	If you don't practice you don't deserve to win.
Andre Agassi	Being number two sucks.
Andre Agassi	Sometimes it's just harder to remind yourself about what you're doing and why you're doing it... Other times, you have a great desire for it, but physically you're not responding the way you want. That presents other challenges. Then sometimes it all comes together.
Andre Agassi	I think one of the greatest joys I have now in my career and in my profession is to be playing at an age where I can appreciate it more than I used to... It's a whole different lens you look through the older you get.
Andre Agassi	I'm going to have to pick my shots and play great tennis.
Andre Agassi	I got a hundred bucks says my baby beats Pete's baby. I just think genetics are in my favour.
Andre Agassi	You know my dad pushed me to believe that I was going to be the best. I just never thought of life without tennis, even looking forward.
Andre Agassi	I'm going to go down swinging... I'm sure as heck not going to go home and say I had a bad tournament.
Andre Agassi	My father actually moved out from Chicago just so he could play tennis 365 days a year, so it was - it was a place we played every day. We played before school. We played after school. We woke up. We played tennis. We brushed our teeth in that order.
Andre Agassi	It means a lot to you, to be out there. The highs are pretty high, and the lows are pretty low. You know, it's easy to feel like you let the team down. I mean, at the end of the day we still got to figure out a way to get through the tie.
Andre Agassi	Well, you know, I've bonded with a lot of people over the years, you know. We played the same tournaments year after year and we go back to the same place and many times the seats have been full and that has meant the world to me for sure.
Andre Agassi	Yes, for a long time but I admired her and respected everything that I could sort of see in her from a distance, the pillars of her life, the loyalties, the relationships. It all got my interest and also the looks.
Andre Agassi	You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is.
Andre Agassi	First of all, let me say, 1:15 in the morning, for 20,000 people to still be here, I wasn't the winner, tennis was. That's awesome. I don't know if I've ever felt so good here before.
Andre Agassi	I had moments of my actions and words not reflecting who it is I am - if that defines a punk, then yes, absolutely.
Andre Agassi	I feel old when I see mousse in my opponent's hair.
Andre Agassi	I've been criticized for not having perspective in the past and I thought that of myself many times but not there.
Andre Agassi	But, I would say when I was four years old and I was at the Alan King Tennis Tournament and I was hitting with all the pros that would come to town. They would get me on the court or take notice and that stayed with me.
Andre Agassi	I had my moments for sure but I wasn't confrontational. And sometimes you get on the court and you'd find yourself very confrontational. It was all a discovery.
Andre Agassi	It has meant a lot to me to challenge the best players in the world and to beat them. And it means a lot to me to be out here and fighting for the title and, you know, it hurts not to win it.
Andre Agassi	Some moments it feels longer, other moments it feels like it's flown by; you can't believe you've done it all that time... Overall, you have a strong sense for the full spectrum that you've sort of traveled.
Andre Balazs	I think it's fair to say more adultery goes on in hotels than any other place in the world.
Andre Balazs	All good hotels tend to lead people to do things they wouldn't necessarily do at home.
Andre Balazs	I don't think it ever does any harm in any business to feel that there is someone there who cares about it. If you look at any business, fashion being the most obvious, the aura, or the reality of the designer, is part of what creates it. It's true in luxury goods stores and in good food stores. It leaves a palpable sense that someone cares.
Andre Balazs	One of the few luxuries left is travel. And the aspect of travel that is luxurious is not the movement, but the being there.
Andre Balazs	I often compare putting a hotel together to old-time movie production. You come up with a story line, you hire the writer, the director, the stars, the set designer.
Andre Balazs	Bathtubs, pools, water - to me, it's a very essential part of being grounded and sensual and feeling yourself.
Andre Balazs	I love water - I'm an Aquarius, but that has nothing to do with it - and I've never been away from water in any place.
Andre Balazs	Soho is a gritty former mercantile area that has, of course, evolved into the most bourgeois neighborhood in New York.
Andre Gide	It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves.
Andre Gide	Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andre Gide	A straight path never leads anywhere except to the objective.
Andre Gide	Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Andre Gide	There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them.
Andre Gide	Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Andre Gide	I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies. The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress.
Andre Gide	It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.
Andre Gide	Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
Andre Gide	Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor.
Andre Gide	Know thyself. A maxim as pernicious as it is ugly. Whoever studies himself arrest his own development. A caterpillar who seeks to know himself would never become a butterfly.
Andre Gide	Most quarrels amplify a misunderstanding.
Andre Gide	Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Andre Gide	It is easier to lead men to combat, stirring up their passion, than to restrain them and direct them toward the patient labors of peace.
Andre Gide	Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness.
Andre Gide	The color of truth is gray.
Andre Gide	There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
Andre Gide	Work and struggle and never accept an evil that you can change.
Andre Gide	Not everyone can be an orphan.
Andre Gide	Nothing is so silly as the expression of a man who is being complimented.
Andre Gide	Welcome anything that comes to you, but do not long for anything else.
Andre Gide	One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Andre Gide	Only those things are beautiful which are inspired by madness and written by reason.
Andre Gide	Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it; that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one.
Andre Gide	The most important things to say are those which often I did not think necessary for me to say - because they were too obvious.
Andre Maurois	The first recipe for happiness is: avoid too lengthy meditation on the past.
Andre Maurois	Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them.
Andre Maurois	Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold.
Andre Maurois	A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short.
Andre Maurois	Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
Andre Maurois	Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form.
Andre Maurois	A successful marriage is an edifice that must be rebuilt every day.
Andre Maurois	If you create an act, you create a habit. If you create a habit, you create a character. If you create a character, you create a destiny.
Andre Maurois	The effectiveness of work increases according to geometric progression if there are no interruptions.
Andre Maurois	Business is a combination of war and sport.
Andre Maurois	We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.
Andre Maurois	In literature as in love, we are astonished at what is chosen by others.
Andre Maurois	To be witty is not enough. One must possess sufficient wit to avoid having too much of it.
Andre Maurois	People are what you make them. A scornful look turns into a complete fool a man of average intelligence. A contemptuous indifference turns into an enemy a woman who, well treated, might have been an angel.
Andre Maurois	Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul.
Andre Maurois	Self-pity comes so naturally to all of us. The most solid happiness can be shaken by the compassion of a fool.
Andre Maurois	We appreciate frankness from those who like us. Frankness from others is called insolence.
Andre Maurois	Conversation would be vastly improved by the constant use of four simple words: I do not know.
Andre Maurois	A marriage without conflicts is almost as inconceivable as a nation without crises.
Andre Maurois	Modesty and unselfishness - these are the virtues which men praise - and pass by.
Andre Maurois	The difficult part in an argument is not to defend one's opinion but rather to know it.
Andre Maurois	Lost Illusion is the undisclosed title of every novel.
Andre Maurois	The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
Andre Maurois	If you value a man's regard, strive with him. As to liking, you like your newspaper - and despise it.
Andre Maurois	Style is the hallmark of a temperament stamped upon the material at hand.
Andreas Capellanus	If out of all mankind one finds a single friend, he has found something more precious than any treasure, since there is nothing in the world so valuable that it can be compared to a real friend.
Andreas Capellanus	Even if the whole earth and sea were turned to gold, they could hardly satisfy the avarice of a woman... You can more easily scratch a diamond with your fingernail than you can by any human ingenuity get a woman to consent to giving any of her savings.
Andreas Capellanus	Love is always a stranger in the house of avarice.
Andres Iniesta	Some people like you, some people don't. In the end you just have to be yourself.
Andres Iniesta	In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch.
Andres Iniesta	There is no rule that says a footballer needs to be 'this high' and 'this wide.'
Andres Iniesta	If there is one thing that all players have in common it is that winning, competitive gene; the ability to overcome obstacles and fight for what you want from your career.
Andres Iniesta	There are moments when the human body can overcome things you would never expect.
Andres Iniesta	If you win without sacrifice you enjoy it but it's more satisfying when you have struggled.
Andres Iniesta	I get the feeling people respect me and that there is affection for me. That makes me happy.
Andres Iniesta	Small players learn to be intuitive, to anticipate, to protect the ball. A guy who weighs 90 kilos doesn't move like one who weighs 60. In the playground I always played against much bigger kids and I always wanted the ball. Without it, I feel lost.
Andres Iniesta	Every player wants to be as complete as possible and goals for a central midfielder are very important.
Andres Iniesta	I don't consider myself a star.
Andres Iniesta	Perfection doesn't exist.
Andres Iniesta	What I do when speaking in public is trying to do it as best as possible and trying to make everybody comfortable with my words. Sometimes getting this is very difficult, but I try my best.
Andres Iniesta	I like to watch soccer, no matter what teams or players are in the field.
Andres Iniesta	La Masia is a place where lots of people live together but you are on your own.
Andres Iniesta	My father has made a museum with my cuttings and photographs.
Andres Iniesta	You have different sorts of people in life, so why should it be any different in football?
Andrew Card	Kyoto was a flawed process. There isn't one industrialized country around the world that has ratified that treaty, and so that is a non-starter.
Andrew Card	Victory is the only option. And we will be victorious in Iraq.
Andrew Card	Don't believe everything that you read in the newspapers.
Andrew Card	You shouldn't presume that all quotes that are in a magazine or a newspaper are accurate.
Andrew Card	She's leaving when the president has one of the highest approval ratings on record. From here, it can only go down. And when it does, you know who they're going to blame. They're gonna blame Andy Card!
Andrew Card	The top priority is leaving no child behind. We want accountability in the system, and we want schools to recognize they have a responsibility to teach students.
Andrew Card	Scholarships that allow students to get a good education are important, but first we want to measure the progress that the schools are teaching our students, we want to hold them accountable for the progress, we want to hold the schools accountable for teaching the young people in America.
Andrew Card	The U.N. can meet and discuss, but we don't need their permission.
Andrew Card	There are over 100 entities in the federal government that have something to do with homeland security.
Andrew Card	Victory is the most important aspect in Iraq, because victory in Iraq will help us have victory in the War on Terror.
Andrew Card	Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure.
Andrew Card	My children and grandchildren loved the secret servicemen and women that served us. I was honoured that they thought I was important enough to protect.
Andrew Card	The Oval Office symbolizes... the Constitution, the hopes and dreams, and I'm going to say democracy. And when you have a dress code in the Supreme Court and a dress code on the floor of the Senate, floor of the House, I think it's appropriate to have an expectation that there will be a dress code that respects the office of the President.
Andrew Carnegie	As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
Andrew Carnegie	Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
Andrew Carnegie	There is little success where there is little laughter.
Andrew Carnegie	No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.
Andrew Carnegie	And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Andrew Carnegie	You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself.
Andrew Carnegie	People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents.
Andrew Carnegie	The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
Andrew Carnegie	No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Andrew Carnegie	The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
Andrew Carnegie	He that cannot reason is a fool. He that will not is a bigot. He that dare not is a slave.
Andrew Carnegie	I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
Andrew Carnegie	The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
Andrew Carnegie	The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
Andrew Carnegie	Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
Andrew Carnegie	Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
Andrew Carnegie	I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
Andrew Carnegie	Aim for the highest.
Andrew Carnegie	The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled.
Andrew Carnegie	The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
Andrew Carnegie	Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
Andrew Carnegie	Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.
Andrew Carnegie	Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
Andrew Carnegie	Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
Andrew Carnegie	There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else.
Andrew Eldritch	The citizen is becoming a pawn in a game where nobody knows the rules, where everybody consequently doubts that there are rules at all, and where the vocabulary has been diminished to such an extent that nobody is even sure what the game is all about.
Andrew Eldritch	Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as it's increasingly an art of gesture alone.
Andrew Eldritch	I'm not sure it pays to do anything remotely public in Britain. It's such a spiteful society. People seem to enjoy making your life hard for the sake of it.
Andrew Eldritch	I have no musical talent at all. I was banned from music classes and told I would never be able to understand anything. I still don't think I can sing, but somehow I get away with it.
Andrew Eldritch	I don't want people to come and see our gig because of the magnificent things I'm doing with my hips, but it's their evening, you know. They have to have fun. I'm a little bit naive.
Andrew Eldritch	Music is there to enrich your life and make you aware of things in a slightly different way.
Andrew Eldritch	Apparently, I have a totally different sense of humour.
Andrew Eldritch	Most writers can write, most rock 'n rollers cannot.
Andrew Eldritch	I've been in Hamburg for about ten years and I just feel at home.
Andrew Eldritch	In the beginning, everybody that gets to work with me, thinks I'm nice. But three weeks later, they hear a bell ringing. Then they realise I meant everything I said during that first week. It's not my fault people are not taking me serious from the first moment.
Andrew Eldritch	We decided to play the NEC because we were asked to, and because we actually rather like the place: we've always enjoyed doing it before. We don't often get sensible offers to play in the UK, so most years we just play on the mainland, with the occasional exotic detour.
Andrew Eldritch	But for every hour and a half on stage, you have a five hour long bus ride, waiting for five hours at the airport, five hours of interviews... I know, it's part of the job, but that doesn't imply I have to like it.
Andrew Eldritch	Nothing has changed in our relationship with East West. We have no relationship with East West. We've been withholding our labour for almost seven years now.
Andrew Eldritch	I don't enjoy British shows as a rule because British audiences are strange.
Andrew Eldritch	I don't trawl record shops anymore. I usually hear music in bars or at friends' houses.
Andrew Eldritch	People have taught me not to look for intelligence in rockmusic.
Andrew Eldritch	The business of being a popular entertainer in England is just too hard.
Andrew Eldritch	I've never got on with the British press because they've always given me such a hard time. Once they build a band up they just want to do people down. They shouldn't concentrate on the colour of someone's shirt they should listen to the music.
Andrew Eldritch	I still like being in North of England and I keep a place there. But there are a lot of things about the Continent that are to be preferred. The social institutions work better, women have a better position in society and the food is another thing.
Andrew Fastow	I believe I was extremely greedy.
Andrew Fastow	I lost my moral compass and I have done terrible things that I very much regret.
Andrew Fastow	I was extremely greedy and lost my moral compass.
Andrew Fastow	I wish I could undo what I did at Enron but I can't. I understand that I deserve punishment. Your honor, I accept the prison sentence that you are about to impose and will serve it without bitterness.
Andrew Fastow	I'm ashamed of what I did.
Andrew Fastow	Mark-to-market accounting is like crack. Don't do it.
Andrew Fastow	The question I should have asked is not what is the rule, but what is the principle.
Andrew Fastow	There are people who look at the rules and find ways to structure around them. The more complex the rules, the more opportunities.
Andrew Fastow	When I was initially charged I still thought I was not guilty because I had followed the rules.
Andrew Garfield	I've realised that at the top of the mountain, there's another mountain.
Andrew Garfield	I hope that I'm always struggling, really. You develop when you're struggling. When you're struggling, you get stronger.
Andrew Garfield	I don't believe anyone is ugly.
Andrew Garfield	I just think I've always been sensitive and had difficulty containing my feelings, and I've always searched for outlets for that, because otherwise those feelings come out in chaotic ways that aren't always great.
Andrew Garfield	I've gone through my whole life caring deeply what people think of me.
Andrew Garfield	Spider-Man has always been a symbol of goodness and doing the right thing and looking after your fellow man.
Andrew Garfield	As an adolescent, Spider-Man was what got me through tough times in terms of being a skinny kid.
Andrew Garfield	I think too much. Being in my body is much more satisfying than being in my head.
Andrew Garfield	I feel incredibly awkward as a human being and incredibly teenaged still.
Andrew Garfield	That's all I want, to keep losing myself.
Andrew Garfield	Obviously there's something very seductive about movies, which can be attractive in a bad way if you're doing them for the wrong reasons - for money, or for fame.
Andrew Garfield	In secondary school I was floating - I wasn't passionate about anything. I did a little sport, but it was pretty joyless because the competitiveness was too much to bear.
Andrew Garfield	My parents signed me up for classical guitar lessons, which made for two years of the most depressing Wednesday evenings.
Andrew Jack	I've done my time in being broke in Indonesia. Eating Goat soup. Australia's a developed country, you've got a lot of taxes, rents are high and its quite difficult to survive as an artist especially when you are just coming up.
Andrew Jack	All artists are people of growth. It's like food, you take the good and leave the rest.
Andrew Jack	Whereas there's a wealth of galleries in Australia, everyone's got a gallery in Australia or wants your work. Because the art scene is smaller in Indonesia, there's not so much competition.
Andrew Jackson	There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
Andrew Jackson	You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
Andrew Jackson	I weep for the liberty of my country when I see at this early day of its successful experiment that corruption has been imputed to many members of the House of Representatives, and the rights of the people have been bartered for promises of office.
Andrew Jackson	Every good citizen makes his country's honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and its conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
Andrew Jackson	I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment.
Andrew Jackson	The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Andrew Jackson	It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes.
Andrew Jackson	Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Andrew Jackson	Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
Andrew Jackson	The people are the government, administering it by their agents; they are the government, the sovereign power.
Andrew Jackson	There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
Andrew Jackson	I have always been afraid of banks.
Andrew Jackson	Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
Andrew Jackson	Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
Andrew Jackson	If the Union is once severed, the line of separation will grow wider and wider, and the controversies which are now debated and settled in the halls of legislation will then be tried in fields of battle and determined by the sword.
Andrew Jackson	The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Andrew Jackson	Unless you become more watchful in your states and check the spirit of monopoly and thirst for exclusive privileges you will in the end find that... the control over your dearest interests has passed into the hands of these corporations.
Andrew Jackson	Americans are not a perfect people, but we are called to a perfect mission.
Andrew Jackson	As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will; as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending.
Andrew Jackson	We are beginning a new era in our government. I cannot too strongly urge the necessity of a rigid economy and an inflexible determination not to enlarge the income beyond the real necessities of the government.
Andrew Jackson	The safety of the republic being the supreme law, and Texas having offered us the key to the safety of our country from all foreign intrigues and diplomacy, I say accept the key... and bolt the door at once.
Andrew Jackson	Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there.
Andrew Jackson	All the rights secured to the citizens under the Constitution are worth nothing, and a mere bubble, except guaranteed to them by an independent and virtuous Judiciary.
Andrew Jackson	The brave man inattentive to his duty, is worth little more to his country than the coward who deserts in the hour of danger.
Andrew Jackson	The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.
Andy Daly	I love to play characters who are stuffy and nerdy who either then have a dark side or are pushed to a breaking point.
Andy Daly	I had a fifth grade teacher who, as a very small way of trying to contain my class clown energy, gave me 10 minutes at the end of class every Friday to present whatever I wanted. A lot of the time, I did an Andy Rooney impression. I would sit at her desk, empty it, and just comment on what was in there.
Andy Daly	If I do a bit on stage, I prepare too much. Those bits are all really, really carefully written, and overwritten, and researched. I really don't feel like I can wing it. So I write it out word for word, and when I'm onstage I'll improvise around it.
Andy Daly	It's so cliche, but I love the feeling you get from improv that anything can happen. The audience is already accepting that there are no props or costumes or furniture, so the performers can be anywhere doing anything; cut from underground to space, and it doesn't matter.
Andy Daly	One of my favorite comedy performances of all time is Charles Grodin in 'Midnight Run,' and in a lot of things he's done. I think he's hilarious as the straight man, playing it real.
Andy Daly	I never feel like I have anything. People can tell me a thousand times, 'You're the guy, you're the guy,' and I'm just like, 'We'll see when I'm on the set.'
Andy Daly	I never really thought I had much to add to the conversation that was occurring at 'MADtv.' I didn't know what I would do on the show. But I showed up ,and I was surprised - it was fun to work on. Everybody there was really nice, and they seemed to be interested in my contributions.
Andy Daly	I think I'm one of those guys who was sort of always in comedy. I thought of myself - and other people seemed to think of me - as funny from a very young age. I was a very young comedy nerd and I even did sketch comedy in high school and college. I wrote and shot sketches on video and acted in them.
Andy Daly	The first 'Saturday Night Live' season I was heavily interested in was the one with Martin Short, Billy Crystal, and Christopher Guest. There was just something about Martin Short in particular. I really related to him and hung on his every word and mannerism, so I started impersonating all of his characters as an 8th grader.
Andy Daly	When I graduated from college, I moved to New York and started doing improv because I read all about the early 'Saturday Night Live' guys having come through Second City and learning how to improvise, so I wanted to get immediately into that.
Andy Garcia	Children make you a better everything. Daughters open up a whole different sensibility to you. When you have children, it focuses you on them as opposed to on yourself.
Andy Garcia	In a marriage, in any long-term relationship, not to bother with lying. There's no time for that. If you have any sort of secret life, it will come back to haunt you.
Andy Garcia	Everything I do in my life is very instinctual and in the moment. If I'm attracted to something, that's it. If I have reservations, those don't change till they're resolved. My first impression is how I go.
Andy Garcia	I've had my moments of insanity. But there is a certain responsibility to set proper examples for your children, and that influences your choices in every aspect of your life.
Andy Garcia	They say a lot of women would like to see me naked, but there's not a lens long enough for that.
Andy Garcia	I don't think lying has any ultimate justification. I don't think it ever leads to anything positive. The good fight to have is not to lie. That's one of the challenges in a way.
Andy Garcia	Freedom is not negotiable.
Andy Garcia	My grandfather was a very elegant individual. My father also. He was a lawyer and farmer in Cuba. In Miami, he had to go to work wherever he could. But whenever it was time to go out, you saw how they cared for how they looked.
Andy Garcia	You can't say one thing and behave another way. Kids learn more from watching you in life than what you say to them.
Andy Garcia	She is Cuba. If you want to love her, you have to be with her, but you can't be with her in her current state. It's the point of view of all exiles - you have to leave the thing you cherish most.
Andy Garcia	I'm an exile. My father had the courage to leave with his wife, his mother and three children under twelve. It took more courage to leave, to sacrifice everything for freedom, than to stay.
Andy Garcia	I'm a staunch anti-Castro individual.
Andy Garcia	My uncle, who was a little more flamboyant, always said the guy who dressed the best was Fred Astaire.
Andy Garcia	If you want to experiment, do something temporary.
Andy Garcia	It's better not to work than to work in something you don't want to be working in.
Andy Garcia	Every family is dysfunctional.
Andy Garcia	When you commit to something, you don't want to let your fellow people and yourself down.
Andy Garcia	I think it's most important for children to understand the concept of respect and manners and also work ethic. I have a responsibility to those who came before me.
Andy Garcia	You are defined by who you are, by your choices in life, in all regards, not just in doing movies.
Andy Garcia	My first interest was always music, and somehow that channelled itself into films and acting. I don't know what the natural transition of it was. I mean I acted a little bit when I was young and like any kid would in a community theatre.
Andy Garcia	I love to cook, and my wife loves to cook. Sometimes it's the appeal of the simplest of dishes - things you've grown up with in your life. Your emotional memory - something that not only affects your taste buds but that you've got an emotional attachment to.
Andy Garcia	I am a traditional man. I'm a product of a traditional man. He sacrificed everything for his family.
Andy Garcia	You have to love the guy that you play, even if you play the villain, you've got to love him.
Andy Garcia	Children need parameters, know what's right or wrong.
Andy Garcia	I don't control the movies that are offered to me, but I make choices based on certain parameters.
Andy Rooney	If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Andy Rooney	Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives.
Andy Rooney	Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning lousy hunter.
Andy Rooney	Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens.
Andy Rooney	I don't like food that's too carefully arranged; it makes me think that the chef is spending too much time arranging and not enough time cooking. If I wanted a picture I'd buy a painting.
Andy Rooney	Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Andy Rooney	The 50-50-90 rule: Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
Andy Rooney	The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
Andy Rooney	People will generally accept facts as truth only if the facts agree with what they already believe.
Andy Rooney	It's paradoxical, that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.
Andy Rooney	Nothing in fine print is ever good news.
Andy Rooney	Figure skating is an unlikely Olympic event but its good television. It's sort of a combination of gymnastics and ballet. A little sexy too which doesn't hurt.
Andy Rooney	Obscenities... I think a lot of dumb people do it because they can't think of what they want to say and they're frustrated. A lot of smart people do it to pretend they aren't very smart - want to be just one of the boys.
Andy Rooney	One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas day. Don't clean it up too quickly.
Andy Rooney	The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.
Andy Rooney	The closing of a door can bring blessed privacy and comfort - the opening, terror. Conversely, the closing of a door can be a sad and final thing - the opening a wonderfully joyous moment.
Andy Rooney	When those waiters ask me if I want some fresh ground pepper, I ask if they have any aged pepper.
Andy Rooney	Computers may save time but they sure waste a lot of paper. About 98 percent of everything printed out by a computer is garbage that no one ever reads.
Andy Rooney	I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
Andy Rooney	We need people who can actually do things. We have too many bosses and too few workers.
Andy Rooney	I like ice hockey, but it's a frustrating game to watch. It's hard to keep your eyes on both the puck and the players and too much time passes between scoring in hockey. There are usually more fights than there are points.
Andy Rooney	If dogs could talk it would take a lot of the fun out of owning one.
Andy Rooney	Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Andy Rooney	Writers don't retire. I will always be a writer.
Andy Rooney	Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
Andy Warhol	Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Andy Warhol	What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest. You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you can know that the President drinks Coke. Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too.
Andy Warhol	They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Andy Warhol	I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.
Andy Warhol	An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
Andy Warhol	Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Andy Warhol	Art is what you can get away with.
Andy Warhol	Human beings are born solitary, but everywhere they are in chains - daisy chains - of interactivity. Social actions are makeshift forms, often courageous, sometimes ridiculous, always strange. And in a way, every social action is a negotiation, a compromise between 'his,' 'her' or 'their' wish and yours.
Andy Warhol	If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
Andy Warhol	I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
Andy Warhol	In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Andy Warhol	Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Andy Warhol	I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.
Andy Warhol	People sometimes say the way things happen in the movies is unreal, but actually, it's the way things happen to you in life that's unreal.
Andy Warhol	Once you 'got' Pop, you could never see a sign again the same way again. And once you thought Pop, you could never see America the same way again.
Andy Warhol	I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Andy Warhol	My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing.
Andy Warhol	We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
Andy Warhol	Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too.
Andy Warhol	Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there - I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television.
Andy Warhol	I think they should have movies in restaurants. I can't believe that so many people get together just to sit there. It's so abstract... isn't it abstract? What are these people sitting here watching?
Andy Warhol	I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
Andy Warhol	I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'
Andy Warhol	Everyone needs a fantasy.
Andy Warhol	Since people are going to be living longer and getting older, they'll just have to learn how to be babies longer.
Angel Cabrera	I try to show that I have no fear. When you grow up hungry, you're not afraid of anything.
Angel Cabrera	In golf, advice is not a big thing. If you don't have the ability, you won't get anywhere no matter how much advice you get. The only thing people can suggest that matters is, be a good person and treat people respectfully. But advice on your game doesn't mean much to me.
Angel Cabrera	I can read and write. I went to school for six years. I just couldn't continue.
Angel Cabrera	I won the 2007 U.S. Open and 2009 Masters in my late 30s, largely because of my confident driving.
Angel Cabrera	With sacrifice and work, anything can be done.
Angel Cabrera	I was very lucky because hanging out at a golf course was much better than being on the streets. Golf taught me a great deal. I grew up surrounded by people who were professionals - lawyers, doctors, engineers. Around them, I learned how to behave, speak, eat, dress. I had nothing at home. The club was my home.
Angel Cabrera	When I'm on the road traveling, the things I miss most are my two children and barbecuing with friends. Rack of ribs, lamb and veal are my specialties.
Angel Cabrera	Golf gives and takes. So yeah, sometimes you make those putts, sometimes you just miss them. But that's golf.
Angel Cabrera	I grab coins and tees in my travels, but I usually mark my ball with a coin from Argentina, either a peso or a 10-centavo piece.
Angel Cabrera	I had to work to eat. I couldn't even complete a basic elementary education.
Angel Cabrera	I've only seen a handful of short clips of my U.S. Open win. I remember how I did it; I don't need to watch a video.
Angel Cabrera	Just because I won the U.S. Open doesn't mean I'm going to change the way I live.
Angel Cabrera	You should welcome getting older in golf. With greater knowledge of your swing, you, too, can keep improving.
Angel Cabrera	I didn't become a caddie because I wanted to be a caddie. I was a caddie because that was how I could make money and feed myself. It was work. It was a dignified job.
Angel Cabrera	I tried talking to a psychologist once. Two minutes in, I said, 'Ciao!' Never again. There's no way, no way, I'd continue! I couldn't buy into a single thing the guy was saying.
Angela Featherstone	I was 16 when I entered the foster system, and know firsthand the statistics for 'aging out.' When I was in the group homes, I saw some of the kids being moved into foster homes with the potential for adoption. I remember well asking a social worker if I could find a home, too. I was told I was 'too old' and 'no one wants to adopt a 16-year-old.'
Angela Featherstone	The Heart Gallery premise is very simple. It is a special traveling exhibit of photographs featuring Los Angeles foster youth, designed to highlight the need to find loving adoptive families for waiting children.
Angela Featherstone	When I was in the group homes, I saw some of the kids being moved into foster homes with the potential for adoption. I remember well asking a social worker if I could find a home, too. I was told I was 'too old' and 'no one wants to adopt a 16-year-old.' I felt hopeless and alone.
Angela Featherstone	I was 16 when I entered the foster system, and know firsthand the statistics for 'aging out.'
Angela Featherstone	The courts don't remove children from their home because the child underperformed at school or required extra long walks or a game of basketball in order to blow off the steam all 5-year-olds have. It's because the parents were unfit, not the kids.
Angelina Jolie	Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Angelina Jolie	We have a choice about how we take what happens to us in our life and whether or not we allow it to turn us. We can become consumed by hate and darkness, or we're able to regain our humanity somehow, or come to terms with things and learn something about ourselves.
Angelina Jolie	Anytime I feel lost, I pull out a map and stare. I stare until I have reminded myself that life is a giant adventure, so much to do, to see.
Angelina Jolie	I like someone who is a little crazy but coming from a good place. I think scars are sexy because it means you made a mistake that led to a mess.
Angelina Jolie	Make bold choices and make mistakes. It's all those things that add up to the person you become.
Angelina Jolie	I've been reckless, but I'm not a rebel without a cause.
Angelina Jolie	Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I don't know why he's with me. I don't know whether I'm good enough. But if I make him happy, then I'm everything I want to be.
Angelina Jolie	There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now.
Angelina Jolie	I'm happy being myself, which I've never been before. I always hid in other people, or tried to find myself through the characters, or live out their lives, but I didn't have those things in mine.
Angelina Jolie	I never thought I'd have children; I never thought I'd be in love, I never thought I'd meet the right person. Having come from a broken home - you kind of accept that certain things feel like a fairy tale, and you just don't look for them.
Angelina Jolie	I've realized that being happy is a choice. You never want to rub anybody the wrong way or not be fun to be around, but you have to be happy. When I get logical and I don't trust my instincts - Thats when I get in trouble.
Angelina Jolie	Where ever I am I always find myself looking out the window wishing I was somewhere else.
Angelina Jolie	If I make a fool of myself, who cares? I'm not frightened by anyone's perception of me.
Angelina Jolie	To be intimate with a married man, when my own father cheated on my mother, is not something I could forgive. I could not look at myself in the morning if I did that. I wouldn't be attracted to a man who would cheat on his wife.
Angelina Jolie	Breast cancer alone kills some 458,000 people each year, according to the World Health Organization, mainly in low- and middle-income countries. It has got to be a priority to ensure that more women can access gene testing and lifesaving preventive treatment, whatever their means and background, wherever they live.
Angelina Jolie	When other little girls wanted to be ballet dancers I kind of wanted to be a vampire.
Angelina Jolie	If you don't get out of the box you've been raised in, you won't understand how much bigger the world is.
Angelina Jolie	I don't see myself as beautiful, because I can see a lot of flaws. People have really odd opinions. They tell me I'm skinny, as if that's supposed to make me happy.
Angelina Jolie	When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble.
Angelina Jolie	Life comes with many challenges. The ones that should not scare us are the ones we can take on and take control of.
Angelina Jolie	I've never lived my life in the opinion of others. I believe I'm a good person. I believe I'm a good mom. But that's for my kids to decide, not for the world.
Angelina Jolie	Women have a certain sexuality, and I think their bodies are beautiful, and I'm not embarrassed to explore that in a film. But there are things you get offered that are vulgar and violent - just like there's a side of me that's vulgar and violent.
Angelina Jolie	I always wanted a great love affair: something that feels big and full, really honest, and enough. No moment should feel slight, false, or a little off. For me, it had to be everything.
Angelina Jolie	If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.
Angelina Jolie	The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.
Anil Agarwal	Environmental activism against the resource industry is widespread all over the world, but at the same time we have to realise that these are basic materials on which civilisation depends. We need to tap natural resources in a sustainable manner.
Anil Agarwal	The world wants India to remain an import-based economy. Then India can be a dumping ground where gold can be dumped and other commodities such as oil and gas. They look at India as a huge market.
Anil Agarwal	If left-wing extremism continues to flourish in parts which have natural resources of minerals, the climate for investment would certainly be affected.
Anil Agarwal	India is not a capitalist nation and should never be a capitalist nation.
Anita Baker	Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history.
Anita Baker	You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
Anita Baker	I'm picking and choosing in terms of the stress factor. If it's not fun, I'm not going to do it.
Anita Baker	If I could be doing anything, I'd be laying on the floor in my birthday suit eating junk food and watching something dumb on TV.
Anita Baker	If you have your own agenda and your own style and you don't easily conform to what the masses are doing, you're looked upon as being difficult. Whereas, I think of it as just being an individual.
Anita Baker	I don't let people use me. That's why I like a small number of people in my life. The more people in my life, the more complex it becomes, so I just try to keep it at a minimum.
Anita Baker	My father worked on assembly lines in Detroit while I was growing up. Every day, I watched him do what he needed to do to support the family. But he told me, 'Life is short. Do what you want to do.'
Anita Baker	Applause felt like approval, and it became a drug that soothed the pain, but only temporarily.
Anita Baker	As soon as you get off stage, that's the most dangerous time for a singer to kiss people because your vocal chords are receptive to any kind of germ.
Anita Baker	Time has nothing to do with the gifts that the gods give you; it's what you do.
Anita Baker	I'd love to be the political voice of my generation, but that's not my gift.
Anita Baker	It's impossible to write and produce a record when your parents are dying. I really tried, I really, really tried, but it just wouldn't come.
Anita Baker	Long tresses down to the floor can be beautiful, if you have that, but learn to love what you have.
Anita Baker	Oh my goodness, they are rocking so many variations of my high-top fade. I mean, Rihanna has taken it to a very angular 21st Century thing. Miss Fantasia has it in a very seductive, you know, up-flip, and it's just lovely, right? Oh, I think it's wonderful.
Anita Baker	We don't do drugs, drink or use profanity. Instead we instill morals and values in my boys by raising them with a love of God and a love and respect for themselves and all people. I believe they will have a chance.
Anita Baker	I would say that my peak was making my first million at the ripe age of 29, after the first album.
Anita Baker	Chris Brown is brilliant. That cat is crazy brilliant, and I wish him the best.
Anita Baker	Historically, in my generation, all of my heroes and heroines have had issues and problems. We all do.
Anita Baker	I don't think being black has held me back at all. Being black makes you strong.
Anita Baker	I need my career. That's what validates me.
Anita Baker	I think there's no sacrifice too great for family, whether it's career, singing, whatever.
Anita Baker	I used to sing at funeral homes for families that didn't have a vocalist. I didn't get paid. I needed to sing.
Anita Baker	I would make far more money if every song were my own, but I don't write to fill up the album with my songs.
Anita Baker	I'm used to getting up at 7, getting breakfast, getting the kids off to school, and doing the mommy thing and the wife thing and the daughter thing.
Anita Baker	I made numerous attempts to find a way to do it all, to be a creative singer, songwriter, producer, and to be the mother, daughter, sister, lover, wife. And the thing about music is, with me, that she's a harsh mistress. She does not come to me in the midst of stress.
Anita Ekberg	The most important thing for a good marriage is to learn how to argue peaceably.
Anita Ekberg	It was I who made Fellini famous, not the other way around.
Anita Elberse	If anything, the impact of digital technology is creating bigger brands and bigger superstars.
Anita Elberse	I spend way too much time watching television, going to sports games, going to movies. It struck me that there's an awful lot of data in the public domain for these sectors. The movie industry publishes weekly sales numbers - not many industries do.
Anita Elberse	Most of my colleagues have research awards on the shelf. I have party invites.
Anita Elberse	The entertainment business remains a business of blockbusters, and increasingly so.
Anita Elberse	As demand shifts from offline retailers with limited shelf space to online channels with much larger assortments, the sales distribution is not getting fatter in the tail.
Anita Elberse	Because making movies is such an expensive endeavor, other media such as books and comics have long been a more feasible way to experiment with truly new ideas.
Anita Elberse	For the first case I did with Octone, 360 deals were not at all being talked about. And then for the follow-up case, it was the focus. I wanted to see how things were changing and what the new challenges were.
Anita Elberse	Jay Z is building a range of businesses just on the strength of his brand. Lady Gaga has formed really interesting partnerships. Justin Bieber and his manager Scooter Braun are investing in a number of different companies and also promoting them in many ways.
Anita Elberse	Most large media firms make outsized investments to acquire and market a small number of titles with strong hit potential, and bank on their sales to make up for middling performance in the rest of their catalogs.
Anita Elberse	Think about trailers you see in theaters. If you're seeing a Warner Bros film, the studio might have three of the five trailers. So having a hit helps you create the next hit.
Anita Elberse	With so much money invested in their most promising projects, Hollywood executives will understandably do everything in their power to make their products a success in the marketplace. Therefore, the most expensive films often also get the highest marketing budgets, and are slotted into the most favorable opening weekends.
Anita Elberse	Because they are inherently social, people find value in reading the same books and watching the same movies that others do.
Anita Elberse	It's really not fun to have seen a movie that you want to talk about, and you can't find anyone else who's seen it.
Anita Elberse	No one disputes that online businesses offer much more variety than their analog counterparts.
Anita Elberse	One problem with relying on existing concepts is that it could stifle innovation, weakening the film sector over time.
Anita Elberse	What you get when you put all your resources behind a product, is you get everyone to join in.
Anita Elberse	When a publisher spends an inordinate amount on an acquisition, it will do everything in its power to make that project a market success.
Anita Elberse	Anyone can see that, say, superheroes and vampires perform well at the box office. That in turn can trigger competitive bidding situations and soaring fees for people who can bring these properties to the screen. The result can be a dramatic increase in the costs of production.
Anita Elberse	If you are the record label who owns Lady Gaga, and you have a new artist coming up, you can say, 'Let's have the artist play just before Gaga.' Now you've exposed the huge Gaga audience to the new artist. It's similar to showing a trailer before a movie. The hit creates a hit.
Anita Elberse	If you're a film studio, you're making a movie for a foreign market. You're pursuing ideas that travel well. It changes the movies we see and how movies are made.
Anita Elberse	In investing, we intuitively think we should make a number of small bets. A blockbuster strategy is the opposite. It means making fewer huge investments. But it turns out to be safer.
Anita Elberse	Media companies' hit-focused marketing did not emerge in a vacuum. It reflects how consumers make choices. The truth is that consumers prefer blockbusters.
Anita Elberse	The average movie-goer in this country sees six films in a year. That's one every two months. What the studios are trying to do is make sure it's their movie.
Ann Bancroft	I do not think about being beautiful. What I devote most of my time to is being healthy.
Ann Bancroft	For me, exploration is about that journey to the interior, into your own heart. I'm always wondering, how will I act at my moment of truth? Will I rise up and do what's right, even if every fiber of my being is telling me otherwise?
Ann Bancroft	I wanted to be a teacher, but I was a lousy student, one of the slowest readers. It was a tremendous struggle. But I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me.
Ann Bancroft	I get stubborn and dig in when people tell me I can't do something and I think I can. It goes back to my childhood when I had problems in school because I have a learning disability.
Ann Bancroft	A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.
Ann Bancroft	I think we all strive to push ourselves, to overcome our struggles. And when we do, we get to know ourselves better.
Ann Bancroft	And then there's also this element of - some people would describe it as spirits or a presence that appears when things are very difficult, physically and emotionally. You know, when you're really putting out. So the third man aura is sort of an appearance. It's the yeti.
Ann Bancroft	For me, the greatest obstacles are never on the ice itself. That's the area I excel in. That's where my passion is. I think we all strive to push ourselves, to overcome our struggles. And when we do, we get to know ourselves better.
Ann Bancroft	I had no doubts I could go to the pole. I may not be as strong, but I make up for physical strength in other areas, like steadiness and not panicking under stress.
Ann Bancroft	The best way to get most husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they're too old to do it.
Ann Bancroft	Skydiving is something I've never done! And I am very excited to take the leap with a community of like-minded courageous women.
Ann Bancroft	Getting through high school and college was one of my greatest achievements.
Ann Bancroft	I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me.
Ann Bancroft	Film critics said I gave a voice to the fear we all have: that we'll reach a certain point in our lives, look around and realize that all the things we said we'd do and become will never come to be - and that we're ordinary.
Ann Bancroft	To push behind the dog sled and run in front of the dog sled. That was always an interesting job.
Ann Bancroft	This journey is not over. Our education initiatives have so much momentum, and we're committed to sharing even more stories from the Arctic when we return.
Ann Landers	Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Ann Landers	Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Ann Landers	All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.
Ann Landers	Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
Ann Landers	If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.
Ann Landers	Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life and repeat to yourself, the most comforting words of all; this, too, shall pass.
Ann Landers	Sensual pleasures have the fleeting brilliance of a comet; a happy marriage has the tranquillity of a lovely sunset.
Ann Landers	Maturity: Be able to stick with a job until it is finished. Be able to bear an injustice without having to get even. Be able to carry money without spending it. Do your duty without being supervised.
Ann Landers	One out of four people in this country is mentally unbalanced. Think of your three closes friends; if they seem OK, then you're the one.
Ann Landers	People who drink to drown their sorrow should be told that sorrow knows how to swim.
Ann Landers	Class never tries to build itself up by tearing others down. Class is already up and need not strive to look better by making others look worse.
Ann Landers	Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Ann Landers	Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Ann Landers	The Lord gave us two ends - one to sit on and the other to think with. Success depends on which one we use the most.
Ann Landers	People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude.
Ann Landers	Know when to tune out, if you listen to too much advice you may wind up making other peoples mistakes.
Ann Landers	Nobody ever drowned in his own sweat.
Ann Landers	If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
Ann Landers	Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
Ann Landers	At every party there are two kinds of people - those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other.
Ann Landers	The poor wish to be rich, the rich wish to be happy, the single wish to be married, and the married wish to be dead.
Ann Landers	Class is considerate of others. It knows that good manners is nothing more than a series of petty sacrifices.
Ann Landers	Too many people today know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Ann Landers	I don't believe that you have to be a cow to know what milk is.
Ann Landers	You need that guy like a giraffe needs strep throat.
Anna Camp	I think everybody wants to be a rock star.
Anna Camp	I started doing regional theater. My first job was 'The Importance of Being Earnest' at Dallas Theater Center.
Anna Camp	I went to college at North Carolina School of the Arts and took a lot of singing classes, and it really is so connected to emotions.
Anna Camp	I went to School of the Arts in Winston-Salem, and we had a bunch of singing classes. My first job in New York was an Off-Broadway musical.
Anna Camp	Ultimately, I don't think you can teach a tone-deaf person how to sing. Some talents you're just born with, unfortunately.
Anna Camp	Well, I'm from the South originally. I grew up in South Carolina definitely learning about manners and being proper and having to go to cotillions.
Anna Camp	I'm a huge fan of Jessica Lange and 'American Horror Story.' I would love to work with her. She's been one of my favorite actresses for a while.
Anna Camp	In the South, you don't say exactly what's going on or what's on your mind.
Anna Camp	I think that the audience wants to see women being put into real situations where they can relate to them, rather than seeing some glamorous woman in a 'Bond' film.
Anna Camp	I've been acting since second grade, and I just remember when I first moved to New York and I was living in Washington Heights with three other actors in this tiny apartment and busting my butt to get to the subway, walking to, like, five auditions in a day.
Anna Camp	I've been acting since second grade, telling stories, making my parents laugh here and there, so I'm hoping my 'thing' is acting. But I also make a really good bread pudding.
Anna Faris	Blythe Danner is somebody whose career I admire. She's a great actress and does good work, but also has a life of her own. I love my job but, at the end of the day, I want to come home and watch a movie and drink a bottle of wine with my husband.
Anna Faris	One of the things that comedy has given me over the years is a really good ability to laugh at myself and to not take things that don't matter too much too seriously. I feel that very little offends me anymore and I'm really grateful for that because I think I was a pretty uptight little kid.
Anna Faris	You have to be willing to accept the idea that people may think you're stupid.
Anna Faris	You have to create your own stuff. It's really exciting to create something, sell it, and feel like I'm not just a pawn waiting to be cast.
Anna Faris	I try to keep my head on straight and take nothing for granted.
Anna Faris	Hollywood studio executives don't recognize the value of female performers as much as male performers.
Anna Faris	I don't really like to go out to clubs or anything. It's just not my style. I'd much rather go to a dive bar or a local place.
Anna Faris	I feel really grateful that I am in comedy, and I love doing it.
Anna Faris	I never imagined being able to make money from acting - and now I can.
Anna Faris	I never really thought I wanted to become a movie star.
Anna Faris	I really love comedy and weirdly enough, I love how my journey has ended up. I get to laugh all day long.
Anna Faris	I'm not a very good lover. I'm so nervous about my sexuality.
Anna Faris	My comedy does not come from a place of deep cynicism, and I tend to play characters who are naive in some way.
Anna Faris	Yeah, I do like scary movies, especially the ones that don't take themselves too seriously.
Anna Faris	I know a lot of actors talk about the importance of wardrobe, and it always seems like it's kind of a cop-out, maybe, because it seems like a minor detail to some people. But I think it's hugely important.
Anna Faris	I was never the class clown or anything like that. When I was growing up and doing theatre in Seattle I was always doing very dramatic work. Now I can't get a dramatic role to save my life!
Anna Faris	The hardest thing in my industry is longevity, getting your next job. It's hard to get the first job, but it's so much harder to get the sixth or seventh as a woman.
Anna Faris	You know, right now, they say - I don't know who says this, but somebody told me - there's three male roles to every female role. And I guess I'd work on evening that up. Making great roles for women. It's just such a huge challenge.
Anne Bancroft	I was at a point where I was ready to say I am what I am because of what I am and if you like me I'm grateful, and if you don't, what am I going to do about it?
Anne Bancroft	If you marry the wrong person for the wrong reasons, then no matter how hard you work, it's never going to work, because then you have to completely change yourself, completely change them, completely - by that time, you're both dead.
Anne Bancroft	So I think you have to marry for the right reasons, and marry the right person.
Anne Bancroft	I don't quite jump for joy, but I am awfully glad to see him.
Anne Bancroft	Life is here only to be lived so that we can, through life, earn the right to death, which to me is paradise. Whatever it is that will bring me the reward of paradise, I'll do the best I can.
Anne Bancroft	I am quite surprised, that with all my work, and some of it is very, very good, that nobody talks about The Miracle Worker. We're talking about Mrs. Robinson. I understand the world... I'm just a little dismayed that people aren't beyond it yet.
Anne Bancroft	I'd never had so much pleasure with another human being.
Anne Bancroft	There are always good parts. They may not pay what you want, and they may not have as many days' work as you want, they may not have the billing that you want, they may not have a lot of things, but - the content of the role itself - I find there are many roles.
Anne Campbell	Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.
Anne Campbell	You can plant a dream.
Anne Campbell	Poorer students take out larger loans and will have to contribute more to the cost of higher education.
Anne Campbell	Quite a few people have commented during the campaign that more help is required for small businesses. SMEs need support and encouragement in their early stages, and in Cambridge the links to the University and the huge pool of expertise here helps that.
Anne Campbell	They also explained how the sensors can monitor the levels of acetone on people's breath, and this can be used to tell people who suffer from diabetes when their next insulin shot is due. This is a more discreet method than what is currently on the market.
Anne Campbell	The sensors have many potential practical uses - in Government buildings, train carriages, cargo containers, on a soldier's lapel - and are a thousand times cheaper than current sensors that are used for the same purpose.
Anne Campbell	There is still a lot of misinformation being spread about higher education funding arrangements under the new Act. The students page on my website sets out the main points in the Act.
Anne Campbell	With the club now in administration and concern about where the money for land sale has gone, I know there are huge commercial difficulties to be resolved, but I hope that football will once again become the most important issue.
Anne Campbell	Elections are also about the future - the pledges that we are making for this country. For those who care about equality and fairness in the UK, and beyond, Labour really is the only choice.
Anne Campbell	I have been overwhelmed by the response that I have received on the doorstep during this campaign.
Anne Campbell	I hope lots of people will join the solidarity march on May 7th and I hope things will change.
Anne Campbell	Ending up-front fees should make it far easier for all students to go to university as they will no longer have to pay up to /1,125 out of their loans at the start of each year. Student loans will also rise to meet average living costs.
Anne Campbell	I had hoped that the board would accept Johnny Hon's offer of a loan to buy the stadium back for the club, as I think this would be best way of continuing the long tradition of Cambridge United in Cambridge - and it was a generous offer.
Anne Campbell	I have never been afraid to stand up to the leadership on issues where we disagree. If you chose to keep Cambridge Labour, then I can continue to press the Government for the things that matter to you, in a way that members of the opposition are unable to.
Anne Campbell	Cambridge is thriving and Britain is working. We have been telling people - 'if you value it, vote for it' - and this is particularly relevant in Cambridge.
Anne Edwards	For the entire state of Georgia, having the premiere of Gone With the Wind on home ground was like winning the Battle of Atlanta 75 years late.
Anne Edwards	She claimed she loved the camera, its warmth, its familiarity. She responded to its naked glare, its slavish attention to every expression of her face and body, with the kind of immediacy a trusted lover could expect.
Anne Edwards	She represented the distilled essence of the battle between the sexes.
Anne Fadiman	The most important thing when starting out with essay writing is to find a voice with which you're comfortable. You need to find a persona that is very much like you, but slightly caricatured.
Anne Fadiman	I am very grateful to the electronic world for making my life easier, but there is something about holding a book - the smell and the world of association. Even when e-books are perfected, as they surely will be, it will be like being in bed with a very well-made robot rather than a warm, soft, human being whom you love.
Anne Fadiman	I would like to attribute my range of interests to being an independent intellectual, but although I'm independent, I'm not sure I qualify as an intellectual. Basically, I'm an old-fashioned amateur.
Anne Fadiman	For me, literature is a way of enlarging myself by learning about people who are not like me.
Anne Fadiman	I always wanted to be a writer, and I did want to be a novelist. In college I took a couple of classes that taught me I would never be a novelist. I discovered I had no imagination. My short stories were always thinly veiled memoir.
Anne Fadiman	The problem with the literary hothouse of New York City is that people spend so much time looking in the mirror. They go to parties with people who are just like them, and they write novels about people who are just like them. It's limiting.
Anne Frank	Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
Anne Frank	Despite everything, I believe that people are really good at heart.
Anne Frank	Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Anne Frank	The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Anne Frank	Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Anne Frank	Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Anne Frank	Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Anne Frank	I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Anne Frank	How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank	In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart. I simply can't build up my hopes on a foundation consisting of confusion, misery and death.
Anne Frank	We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
Anne Frank	How true Daddy's words were when he said: all children must look after their own upbringing. Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Anne Frank	It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Anne Frank	And finally I twist my heart round again, so that the bad is on the outside and the good is on the inside, and keep on trying to find a way of becoming what I would so like to be, and could be, if there weren't any other people living in the world.
Anne Frank	The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Anne Frank	Who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?
Anne Frank	I live in a crazy time.
Anne Frank	I simply can't build my hopes on a foundation of confusion, misery and death... I think... peace and tranquillity will return again.
Anne Frank	No one has ever become poor by giving.
Anne Frank	I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Anne Frank	Boys will be boys. And even that wouldn't matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Anne Frank	I soothe my conscience now with the thought that it is better for hard words to be on paper than that Mummy should carry them in her heart.
Anne Frank	I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
Anne Frank	If I read a book that impresses me, I have to take myself firmly by the hand, before I mix with other people; otherwise they would think my mind rather queer.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	The only real security is not in owning or possessing, not in demanding or expecting, not in hoping, even. Security in a relationship lies neither in looking back to what it was, nor forward to what it might be, but living in the present and accepting it as it is now.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	The sea does not reward those who are too anxious, too greedy, or too impatient. One should lie empty, open, choiceless as a beach - waiting for a gift from the sea.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach. One can collect only a few, and they are more beautiful if they are few.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	I feel we are all islands - in a common sea.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	For happiness one needs security, but joy can spring like a flower even from the cliffs of despair.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	What a circus act we women perform every day of our lives. Look at us. We run a tightrope daily, balancing a pile of books on the head. Baby-carriage, parasol, kitchen chair, still under control. Steady now! This is not the life of simplicity but the life of multiplicity that the wise men warn us of.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Grief can't be shared. Everyone carries it alone. His own burden in his own way.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem or saying a prayer.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	How hard it is to have the beautiful interdependence of marriage and yet be strong in oneself alone.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	Travelers are always discoverers, especially those who travel by air. There are no signposts in the sky to show a man has passed that way before. There are no channels marked. The flier breaks each second into new uncharted seas.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	By and large, mothers and housewives are the only workers who do not have regular time off. They are the great vacationless class.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	I must write it all out, at any cost. Writing is thinking. It is more than living, for it is being conscious of living.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	The loneliness you get by the sea is personal and alive. It doesn't subdue you and make you feel abject. It's stimulating loneliness.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	When the wedding march sounds the resolute approach, the clock no longer ticks, it tolls the hour. The figures in the aisle are no longer individuals, they symbolize the human race.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	America, which has the most glorious present still existing in the world today, hardly stops to enjoy it, in her insatiable appetite for the future.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	After all, I don't see why I am always asking for private, individual, selfish miracles when every year there are miracles like white dogwood.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	For sleep, one needs endless depths of blackness to sink into; daylight is too shallow, it will not cover one.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh	To give without any reward, or any notice, has a special quality of its own.
Annie Baker	I was a very self-righteous 15-25 year old. Anyway, I wake up every morning and thank God I'm not a kid anymore.
Annie Baker	I'm very interested in silence. And, more importantly, in what happens when people aren't talking on stage. I'm interested in letting actors play and do things between the lines. And in slowing everything down.
Annie Baker	Writing is my primary way of expressing myself.
Annie Baker	I feel like there's an obsession with pace right now in theater, with things being very fast and very witty and very loud, and I think we're all so freaked out about theater keeping audiences interested because everybody's so freaked out about theater becoming irrelevant.
Annie Baker	I was raised by a single psychologist mother and we spent every evening sitting at the kitchen table and dissecting our emotions and speculating about the inner life of everyone we knew.
Annie Baker	Yeah, I have the detail-obsessed, controlling personality of a novelist, but I somehow ended up writing plays.
Annie Baker	I'm terrible at speaking extemporaneously about my work - I get completely tongue-tied and consumed with fear.
Annie Baker	I think growing up in a small town, the kind of people I met in my small town, they still haunt me. I find myself writing about them over and over again.
Annie Baker	I don't enjoy hearing the sound of my voice. The most important things for me are impossible to articulate extemporaneously.
Annie Baker	I'm really trying to stop setting my plays in this one fictional town in Vermont.
Annie Baker	If anything, I was the opposite of most college students who think they can do anything.
Annie Baker	I was 22 and stopped writing plays, and I didn't start again until I was 25. I was writing badly. In college, I attempted to write these more conventional plays, but the theater I loved was downtown experimental theater. I didn't feel like I could do that either. It didn't occur to me to do my own thing.
Annie Jacobsen	To understand how black projects began, and how they continue to function today, one must start with the creation of the atomic bomb. The men who ran the Manhattan Project wrote the rules about black operations. The atomic bomb was the mother of all black projects, and it is the parent from which all black operations have sprung.
Annie Jacobsen	Everything that goes on at Area 51 is classified 'top secret' when it's going on.
Annie Jacobsen	The problem is the myths of Area 51 are hard to dispute if no one can speak on the record about what actually happened there.
Annie Jacobsen	Who would have thought that in the 1950s, Burbank was a hotbed of international espionage?
Annie Jacobsen	Area 51 is located in southern Nevada desert about 75 miles north of Las Vegas. It's set inside a greater land parcel that's about the size of the state of Connecticut that's called the 'Nevada Test and Training Range.'
Annie Jacobsen	In 1957, with the arms race in full swing, the Department of Defense had decided it was just a matter of time before an airplane transporting an atomic bomb would crash on American soil, unleashing a radioactive disaster the likes of which the world had never seen.
Annie Jacobsen	In the late 1960s, Ontario Airport was a throwback to a bygone era. Located 35 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, the airport served only two carriers, Western and Bonanza. Passengers could catch regional flights to San Francisco, Sacramento, Las Vegas, Palm Springs, Phoenix and Los Angeles, and that was about it.
Annie Jacobsen	One of the few things the Air Force did admit to me existed out there presently without admitting that it was Area 51 is this drone called the 'Beast of Kandahar' which does not fire missiles, unlike the Predator and the Reaper, but just conducts surveillance.
Annie Jacobsen	The Cold War had become a battlefield marked by doublespeak. Disguise, distortion, and deception were accepted as reality. Truth was promised in a serum.
Annie Jacobsen	Anyone who's read my 'Terror in the Skies' series knows that I have not been writing with an eye toward approval from any government agency.
Annie Jacobsen	As far as I know, all the presidents know about Area 51. It would almost be impossible for them not to.
Annie Jacobsen	Can a democratic nation fight a War on Terror and at the same time bend over backward so as not to offend a few visitors' rights?
Annie Jacobsen	I believe it is called 'Area 51' because of a project, the very first project that went on out there, in 1951.
Annie Jacobsen	I do believe that the truth gets out.
Annie Jacobsen	I'm not an aviation historian, I'm not an Air Force aficionado, and I'm definitely not a ufologist. I'm not someone who studies UFOs.
Annie Jacobsen	In the winter of 1973, the American POWs held captive in Vietnam were released according to the terms of the Paris Peace Accords.
Annie Jacobsen	Many of the engineers I interviewed worked on reverse-engineering technology. It's a hallmark of Area 51.
Annie Jacobsen	The area out at Area 51 that was part of the Operation Plumbbob test continues to be contaminated. It was not cleaned up until the '80s.
Annie Jacobsen	The oil under Libya is the champagne of oil, drop for drop the world's most valuable.
Annie Jacobsen	Urban legend has it that Area 51 is connected by underground tunnels and trains to other secret facilities around the country.
Annie Jacobsen	With stealth technology, the U.S. could spy on its Cold War adversaries without running the risk of getting caught.
Annie Jacobsen	You can absolutely drive through an atmospheric bomb test and not be affected.
Annie Jacobsen	Back in the 1950s, there was a top-secret program code-named SUNTAN being conducted at a top-secret facility called Skunk Works. Its objective? To develop a liquid-hydrogen-powered spy plane. Because liquid hydrogen is incredibly volatile, early experiments were conducted inside a bomb shelter with eight-foot-thick walls.
Annie Jacobsen	Because it flew without a pilot, the D-21 was designed to fly over territory where the U.S. was denied access and to take photographs of weapons facilities from altitudes as low as 1,500 feet. But the project was canceled on July 30, 1966, after a fatal accident at sea during the drone's first official launch.
Annie Jacobsen	For decades, the men at Area 51 thought they'd take their secrets to the grave. At the height of the Cold War, they cultivated anonymity while pursuing some of the country's most covert projects. Conspiracy theories were left to popular imagination.
Annie Jump Cannon	Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all.
Annie Jump Cannon	No greater problem is presented to the human mind.
Annie Jump Cannon	Classifying the stars has helped materially in all studies of the structure of the universe.
Ansel Adams	Photography, as a powerful medium of expression and communications, offers an infinite variety of perception, interpretation and execution.
Ansel Adams	When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
Ansel Adams	There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.
Ansel Adams	Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
Ansel Adams	Landscape photography is the supreme test of the photographer - and often the supreme disappointment.
Ansel Adams	You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Ansel Adams	It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
Ansel Adams	A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.
Ansel Adams	Twelve significant photographs in any one year is a good crop.
Ansel Adams	There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Ansel Adams	A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
Ansel Adams	Yosemite Valley, to me, is always a sunrise, a glitter of green and golden wonder in a vast edifice of stone and space.
Ansel Adams	No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive, create or produce, but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves, their perceptions and emotions, and to build confidence in the creative spirit.
Ansel Adams	Millions of men have lived to fight, build palaces and boundaries, shape destinies and societies; but the compelling force of all times has been the force of originality and creation profoundly affecting the roots of human spirit.
Ansel Adams	There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
Ansel Adams	Myths and creeds are heroic struggles to comprehend the truth in the world.
Ansel Adams	To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.
Ansel Adams	Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
Ansel Adams	A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
Ansel Adams	In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Ansel Adams	There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
Ansel Adams	Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
Ansel Adams	A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.
Ansel Adams	These people live again in print as intensely as when their images were captured on old dry plates of sixty years ago... I am walking in their alleys, standing in their rooms and sheds and workshops, looking in and out of their windows. Any they in turn seem to be aware of me.
Ansel Adams	The negative is comparable to the composer's score and the print to its performance. Each performance differs in subtle ways.
Ansel Elgort	I have a lot of weird interests, but everything I do is artistic.
Ansel Elgort	My dad was always taking photos of us at home, and even on set - he'd bring us along and stick us in the photos in the background. It was almost the beginning of acting for me, like, 'Hey, you go over there and play basketball in the background, and don't even think about the camera.'
Ansel Elgort	I think it's important I stay connected to every part of my personality. I play basketball. I rock climb. I paint. I'm a little bit scattered, but it's so I can convincingly play all these characters.
Ansel Elgort	As an actor, you want a director who makes you feel comfortable in a place that you can really create and try a lot of different things.
Ansel Elgort	A lot of high school students on TV and in Broadway are played by people in their late 20s and even early 30s. That seems weird to me.
Ansel Elgort	From an early age, I understood the concept that, if you're not the star, then your job is to not pull attention away from the star.
Ansel Elgort	I don't believe in spending money lavishly, now that I'm making money.
Ansel Elgort	I love Marlon Brando and James Dean. That was when it was all about the star and the script. Nowadays, everything has to be action-packed.
Ansel Elgort	I want to do movies, television and theater. Whatever comes along.
Ansel Elgort	I write music because I love it. Sometimes more than anything in the world.
Ansel Elgort	I'm starting to get a following on Twitter. That's a really awesome power to have. It gives me the opportunity to make any kind of art I want.
Ansel Elgort	Picture-taking is an ensemble art - like theater.
Ansel Elgort	All I want to do is work.
Ansel Elgort	I hated the ballet, but I liked performing. I did 20 shows, and I couldn't get the smile off my face.
Ansel Elgort	Most actors nowadays are models turned actors. That's why a lot of young actors are terrible. You have to learn how to act. It is not something that you can just do.
Anselm of Canterbury	For I do not seek to understand in order to believe, but I believe in order to understand. For I believe this: unless I believe, I will not understand.
Anselm of Canterbury	Remove grace, and you have nothing whereby to be saved. Remove free will and you have nothing that could be saved.
Anselm of Canterbury	Thus you are just not because you give what is owed, but because you do what is appropriate to you as the highest good.
Anselm of Canterbury	Spare me through your mercy, do not punish me through your justice.
Anthony Daniels	I don't do that many appearances at conventions. I like to keep them special for me. And for the fans, I hope.
Anthony Daniels	I have a greater appreciation for kitchen appliances, having played one.
Anthony Daniels	You know, a lot of people are loath to go to an orchestral concert because they are intimidated by the thought.
Anthony Daniels	Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
Anthony Daniels	Everybody uses mime and gesture in real life, though we don't realize it. It's very useful as a performance technique, though it can be boring to watch on its own.
Anthony Daniels	All I ever wanted to do was act.
Anthony Daniels	On a film set everyone is very cool. Well, blase really.
Anthony Daniels	Over the years, I've loved being on stage with an orchestra, waving my hands around.
Anthony Daniels	Two or three notes of music can instantly make you feel sad or tense or afraid or angry. To do that in words is much more difficult.
Anthony Daniels	We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.
Anthony Daniels	We have people being a little uncomfortable in their life on Earth with finances and so on, so Science Fantasy or Science Fiction allows people to think that there are possibilities beyond the gravity of our planet.
Anthony Daniels	I quite like post-apocalyptic films, things like 'Mad Max' for instance, because they are so full on and there is something quite cleansing about the post-apocalyptic because you can see where we all think we're heading.
Anthony Eden	If you've broken the eggs, you should make the omelette.
Anthony Eden	Man should be master of his environment, not its slave. That is what freedom means.
Anthony Eden	Everyone is always in favour of general economy and particular expenditure.
Anthony Eden	You may gain temporary appeasement by a policy of concession to violence, but you do not gain lasting peace that way.
Anthony Eden	That is a good question for you to ask, not a wise question for me to answer.
Anthony Eden	We are not at war with Egypt. We are in an armed conflict.
Anthony Eden	Corruption never has been compulsory.
Anthony Edwards	There's really no point in having children if you're not going to be home enough to father them.
Anthony Edwards	My family had all kinds of complications in relationships. I would like to meet the person who did not. Since when is being absolutely perfect what being a human is? What do we gain from that?
Anthony Edwards	Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor.
Anthony Edwards	It's difficult to keep that perspective, I think, as a parent: to know your boundaries as to what's good parenting or just projecting your own expectations on your kids. That's the hardest.
Anthony Edwards	Why is there such vanity about hair? I make a point to bathe. I worry about boogers in my nose, and I ask the makeup artist to cover up my pimples, but beyond that, I try not to be too vain.
Anthony Edwards	I love being a part of something that is grassroots, and you can see the actual changes, the effect of what people do.
Anthony Edwards	You know, you never say never because before I did 'ER,' I always said 'I'll never do a TV series,' so that's what I said.
Anthony Edwards	I did tons of theater in school, and then when I was 16 and got my driver's license, I started driving to Los Angeles, along with my friend Eric Stoltz, who was a year ahead of me and was doing the same thing. So we had the same manager, and we started auditioning for things and doing commercials when we were 16.
Anthony Edwards	I'm the youngest of five kids, and I wanted attention. And in Santa Barbara, there was lots of theater going on, so for that area, it was a little bit like playing Little League baseball. There were dance classes, theater classes, and I just loved it.
Anthony Edwards	'ER' was so huge that whatever I did coming back to television, I'd have to feel as strongly about.
Anthony Edwards	I didn't start jogging or running until I was 37 years old. It was something that really helped me change my life.
Anthony Edwards	I had this thing about hanging out in dark theaters. My family thought I grew out of a rock.
Anthony Edwards	I was spoiled by theater, where there is no editor.
Anthony Edwards	Knock wood, but I started acting professionally when I was 16, and I've always been able to support myself since then.
Anthony Edwards	So I was hugely thrilled that my first scene ever on camera was with Hal Holbrook.
Anthony Edwards	To think one film makes a career is ridiculous. It's important to keep perspective and do things other than for money.
Anthony Edwards	David Fincher is a longtime friend. As a director, my wife had worked with him as a makeup artist when he would do Madonna videos years before, and his child and my oldest child were in preschool together, so we're kind of dad-friends through that, too.
Anthony Edwards	I just spent a lot of time on 'ER' for that eight years. I also started working when I was 16, so by the time I left 'ER,' I was 40 years old, I had this incredible experience, my wife had this great company, we had four kids, it was like, 'Let's go to New York and live for a while and make that the priority.'
Anthony Edwards	I was always enjoying the moment. Acting, writing, looking for roles and getting involved with people and trying to create something that would be entertaining to people. With 'E.R.,' we were all very lucky to get this combination of people together in the right story in the right way to take it to the level it has reached.
Anthony Edwards	People relate to things that feel real to them. All the good, happy, over-sexed and moneyed endings on TV are not the way most of us feel in our lives. The success of 'E.R.,' I think, is not relying on overly sentimental stories that are solved where people's lives wrap up nicely with happy endings.
Anthony Edwards	There are definitely roles within this industry that are industry-related, but to be a good actor, you really have to want to act first. At the same time, my goal was never to go to Hollywood to make movies. I think if you come here with that attitude, then you've missed a few steps.
Anthony Fauci	Antibiotics are a very serious public health problem for us, and it's getting worse. Resistant microbes outstrip new antibiotics. It's an ongoing problem. It's not like we can fix it, and it's over. We have to fight continued resistance with a continual pipeline of new antibiotics and continue with the perpetual challenge.
Anthony Fauci	Today we know the best way to prevent the spread of Ebola infection is through public health measures.
Anthony Fauci	I believe I have a personal responsibility to make a positive impact on society.
Anthony Fauci	Science is telling us that we can do phenomenal things if we put our minds and our resources to it.
Anthony Fauci	Although it is still important to develop an HIV vaccine, we have significant tools already at our disposal that can make a major impact on the trajectory of this epidemic.
Anthony Fauci	When I was a child, there were not that many vaccines. I was vaccinated for polio. I actually got measles as a child. I got pertussis, whooping cough. I remember that very well.
Anthony Fauci	An AIDS-free generation would mean that virtually no child is born with HIV; that, as those children grow up, their risk of becoming infected is far lower than it is today; and that those who become infected can access treatment to help prevent them from developing AIDS and from passing the virus on to others.
Anthony Fauci	Disagreements are one of the fundamental positive aspects of science.
Anthony Fauci	Even the pandemic flu of 1918 only killed one to two percent of the people who were infected.
Anthony Fauci	Inevitably, malaria parasites developed resistance to commonly used drugs, and mosquito vectors became insecticide-resistant.
Anthony Fauci	There's always going to be the need for new medications, better medications.
Anthony Fauci	When we can get the incidence of HIV down enough to turn the trajectory of the pandemic, it will assume a momentum of its own in diminishing HIV.
Anthony Fauci	You can't rush the science, but when the science points you in the right direction, then you can start rushing.
Anthony Fauci	One of the by-products of being a perfectionist and constantly trying to improve myself are sobering feelings of low-grade anxiety and a nagging sense of inadequacy. But this is not anxiety without a purpose. No, this anxiety keeps me humble. It creates a healthy tension that serves as the catalyst that drives me to fulfill my limited potential.
Anthony Fauci	I consider myself a perpetual student. You seek and learn every day: from an experiment in the lab, from reading a scientific journal, from taking care of a patient. Because of this, I rarely get bored.
Anthony Fauci	Is it or is it not ethical to create an embryo, and to create a person for the purpose of getting an organ to give to someone else? Your knee-jerk reaction is 'absolutely not;' but you need the ethical analysis of that to show why and how that is something that you need to stay away from.
Anthony Fauci	It is now widely recognized that any attempt at malaria eradication must be a long-term commitment that involves multiple interventions, disciplines, strategies and organizations.
Anthony Fauci	It's extremely likely that the people who have never been exposed to a human who has leprosy, it's very likely they got leprosy from exposure to an armadillo.
Anthony Fauci	It's the advantage of the virus to spread, and you can only spread when you infect people and they infect other people without necessarily killing them. So if you had 100 percent mortality, the potential pandemic would almost self-eliminate itself.
Anthony Fauci	Knowledge goes hand-in-hand with truth - something I learned with a bit of tough love from my Jesuit education first at Regis High School in New York City and then at Holy Cross College in Worcester, Mass.
Anthony Fauci	Pneumococcal disease is a real threat. Pneumococcal disease is a bacterial infection that causes anything from middle ear infection to pneumonia to meningitis. Children are particularly vulnerable to it, but adults can get pneumococcal disease themselves.
Anthony Fauci	Some of the most vulnerable people to getting the SARS virus are health care providers. The general public, walking in the street, there is really not that much risk at all. It's a very, very low risk - a very, very low risk.
Anthony Fauci	The nature of a protective immune response to HIV is still unclear. Because in a very, very unique manner, unlike virtually any other microbe with which we're familiar, the HIV virus has evolved in a way that the immune system finds it very difficult, if not impossible, to deal with the virus.
Anthony Fauci	There's more than one way to get to the goal that you want to get to, but once you compromise your own principles, then you're lost. You're really lost.
Anthony Fauci	What the immune system of man has in its advanced development is what we call immunological memory, so that once it sees something for the first time, when it sees it the second or the third time, it can respond against it in a way that's much more accelerated than when it sees it for the first time.
Anthony Hamilton	I learned patience, perseverance, and dedication. Now I really know myself, and I know my voice. It's a voice of pain and victory.
Anthony Hamilton	Being a barber is about taking care of the people.
Anthony Hamilton	'Back To Love' is a way of letting people know that sometimes you get caught up in trying to be successful in school or in your social life, and it's a reminder not to forget that each day people are getting older. Nobody is promised tomorrow, so we should make sure that we spend quality time with quality people.
Anthony Hamilton	You have to keep pushing toward those dreams no matter what setbacks happen.
Anthony Hamilton	I'm not always a heartbroken guy. I like to laugh, act silly, dance. There are so many more colors to me. I really can be fun.
Anthony Hamilton	I'm a church boy. I got whuppin's. So I'm afraid at any moment my grandmother could just swing down from heaven with a switch.
Anthony Hamilton	Like, even when I speak, I think I speak the same way I write. I kind of see it a certain way, and it leads me to write it exactly how I'm seeing it.
Anthony Hamilton	I love being in the studio, and I am a huge fan of live music. Without writing good stuff in the studio, you have nothing to play live.
Anthony Hamilton	I wanna change the game in way where I'm not knocking nobody out of the way, not claiming to be the best at this or that, but just doing wonders with the gift I've been given.
Anthony Hamilton	I think it's a great time to put out quality work, and it will speak for itself. You don't have to work so hard at being successful at it, because it is something that people want, so when they want it and it is good, then they're going to get it and continue to give it to other people.
Anthony Hamilton	I encourage women to just feel good about who you are.
Anthony Hamilton	People are going to bash you while you're alive, and they're going to bash you when you're gone.
Anthony Hamilton	Creatively, I'd like to achieve not only being an artist, but being a businessman and having my own music home.
Anthony Hamilton	I have a passion for not only my own kids but just kids in general.
Anthony Hamilton	You have to be who you are when you do music.
Anthony Hamilton	After a while, you want to sell a lot of records, win awards and touch as many people as you can, but you have to secure the foundation with your family. I'm a family man, but I'm a businessman, too.
Anthony Hamilton	I do want to sell as many records and win as many awards as I can. The awards though, they don't necessarily determine if you're good or not. I know that now.
Anthony Hamilton	I enjoy touring. I enjoy recording the music, I enjoy dreaming it and I enjoy performing it. I also definitely enjoy selling it, because I like to eat.
Anthony Hamilton	It was very important for me to touch on things that haven't changed, like schools. I'm in Cleveland, Ohio. My lady's from Ohio, and the schools are being torn down, and they turned them into high-rise condos.
Anthony Hamilton	Most songs I write are spur-of-the-moment-type things. I have to be spontaneous. If not, songwriting can bore me. There is no pre-design or idea of what I am going to do when I go into the studio. It's all like that for me. I could go in and write two or three songs in an eight-hour session. You can't over-think songs. You just can't.
Anthony Hamilton	When people are running up to me in the grocery store screaming, 'Oh my God! Oh my God!' that's when I know I'm swervin'. As long as people are recognizing you and you matter to them, then you're doing something right.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Treasure your relationships, not your possessions.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Become addicted to constant and never-ending self-improvement.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Never let your persistence and passion turn into stubbornness and ignorance.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	The only real failure in life is one not learned from.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Have a strong mind and a soft heart.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Life is meant to be enjoyed, not endured.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Listen to your intuition. It will tell you everything you need to know.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	The rules have changed. True power is held by the person who possesses the largest bookshelf, not gun cabinet or wallet.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Set high standards and few limitations for yourself.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	If you believe that discrimination exists, it will.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	When you're young, try to be realistic; as you get older, become idealistic. You'll live longer.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	The most important things in life aren't things.
Anthony J. D'Angelo	In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information.
Anthony Michael Hall	Obviously with the onset of cable and satellite, there are more opportunities for programming and original programming, so it creates more opportunities for actors and producers and directors and everything.
Anthony Michael Hall	I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I've done in my life is between jobs.
Anthony Michael Hall	I think in both of those situations, it's important as an actor to learn, despite the success I had as a kid, that it's important to understand what it means to be a small fish in a big pond.
Anthony Michael Hall	I would say probably Pirates of Silicon Valley just because I'm proud of the work, playing Gates.
Anthony Michael Hall	First of all, it was in my contract. I knew I would be directing an episode.
Anthony Michael Hall	Well, I've just gotten accustomed to just being in Canada for five and a half months a year.
Anthony Michael Hall	But on this show, it's a good question because in the 35 shows that we've done now, I've really made a consistent effort to really shadow the directors because in many ways they have to be more prepared than feature directors.
Anthony Michael Hall	I mean, before this, I would have said playing Bill Gates, because I'm playing someone obviously who is alive and is the richest man in the world. That was a heavy responsibility.
Anthony Michael Hall	So I think it's fair to say it's even more of a challenge for some of these actors that are coming up, because there's such a pressure to look good, to be sexy and be palatable to people on whatever level.
Anthony Michael Hall	Well, I've learned something from Michael Robison just about maximizing your shots. For example, if I'm shooting a scene and someone's driving at the wheel, you could steal an insert in the same shot.
Anthony Michael Hall	Cutting edge, breakthrough, television. That's what we want to do.
Anthony Michael Hall	I think my favorite, and Coppola and that whole thing. East coast Italian directors I guess.
Anthony Michael Hall	Movies are just ridiculously expensive.
Anthony Michael Hall	There are people who do De Niro and Walken impersonations.
Anthony Michael Hall	We don't want to show our hand to the fan base or give up too much too early.
Anthony Michael Hall	You have film actors doing TV, rap stars doing TV, with everyone kind of crossing the line.
Anthony Michael Hall	You want to do work that is remembered, you want to be a part of something that's remembered.
Anthony Michael Hall	15 years later, it's all the TV stars with the film deals, whether it's the cast of Friends or That '70s Show now with Ashton and other people doing stuff.
Anthony Michael Hall	I think it's even harder because I think as always, Hollywood is sort of glamour central for the world, and the entire world looks to it for not only entertainment, but the whole idea of the youth factor and youth being sold to our culture via young actors and actresses.
Anthony Michael Hall	I think the obvious answer is I was raised in New York City, so growing up, not only myself but my family, like my father, we would watch a lot of Scorsese films.
Anthony Michael Hall	In the years since I worked with John Hughes, there were many years where I literally had hundred of doors slammed in my face because I wasn't that kid anymore, and I wasn't a character actor, and I wasn't a leading man, and I wasn't whatever Hollywood was looking for.
Anthony Michael Hall	It's funny, like 15 years ago when I was a kid doing all the John Hughes movies, I remember Bruce Willis was the only guy who was transitioning from television into film.
Anthony Michael Hall	Like any show, I think some episodes are going to be stronger than others, but I think it's a good show that people enjoy and I hear the reactions too.
Anthony Michael Hall	That, we encourage, and I think we're doing a pretty good job with the website and also the DVD, like the first season came out and the second season's being prepared now.
Anthony Michael Hall	There've been many a season where I couldn't get work, and I think that you learn character development and you learn how to really want what you do in life when you can't really do it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	'Men have forgotten this truth,' said the fox. 'But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.'
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Night, the beloved. Night, when words fade and things come alive. When the destructive analysis of day is done, and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again. When man reassembles his fragmentary self and grows with the calm of a tree.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	You are responsible, forever, for what you have tamed. You are responsible for your rose.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Life has meaning only if one barters it day by day for something other than itself.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered: it is something molded.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	And now here is my secret, a very simple secret; it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	Only he can understand what a farm is, what a country is, who shall have sacrificed part of himself to his farm or country, fought to save it, struggled to make it beautiful. Only then will the love of farm or country fill his heart.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	No single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us. To live is to be slowly born. It would be a bit too easy if we could go about borrowing ready-made souls.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery	It is such a secret place, the land of tears.
Anton Chekhov	People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
Anton Chekhov	Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass.
Anton Chekhov	Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Anton Chekhov	Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Anton Chekhov	We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Anton Chekhov	Medicine is my lawful wife and literature my mistress; when I get tired of one, I spend the night with the other.
Anton Chekhov	People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about.
Anton Chekhov	The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles.
Anton Chekhov	Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.
Anton Chekhov	Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Anton Chekhov	You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible.
Anton Chekhov	Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.
Anton Chekhov	A good upbringing means not that you won't spill sauce on the tablecloth, but that you won't notice it when someone else does.
Anton Chekhov	If you are afraid of loneliness, do not marry.
Anton Chekhov	Advertising is the very essence of democracy.
Anton Chekhov	When a woman isn't beautiful, people always say, 'You have lovely eyes, you have lovely hair.'
Anton Chekhov	Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov	Life does not agree with philosophy: There is no happiness that is not idleness, and only what is useless is pleasurable.
Anton Chekhov	No psychologist should pretend to understand what he does not understand... Only fools and charlatans know everything and understand nothing.
Anton Chekhov	When you're thirsty and it seems that you could drink the entire ocean that's faith; when you start to drink and finish only a glass or two that's science.
Anton Chekhov	Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Anton Chekhov	I promise to be an excellent husband, but give me a wife who, like the moon, will not appear every day in my sky.
Anton Chekhov	We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well.
Anton Chekhov	There is nothing new in art except talent.
Anton Chekhov	Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it.
Anton du Beke	My perfect morning is spent drinking coffee, eating porridge and reading the paper at a local cafe.
Anton du Beke	I'm busier than ever and it's led to new opportunities. But I've never worried about being rich or famous - for me, it's all about the dancing.
Anton du Beke	It's great that ballroom dancing is being recognised. For many years ballroom dancers were misunderstood and other dance forms didn't want anything to do with us.
Anton du Beke	Ballroom is two people dancing together to music, touching in perfect harmony.
Anton du Beke	When I'm dancing with any woman, I immediately get rid of intimacy barriers. I just give her a big hug and crack on.
Anton du Beke	My favourite dance is the Foxtrot. It's a proper dance with proper music. It has class.
Anton du Beke	Give up smoking. Don't get so fat. So much illness is self-induced - which I can't stand. And I'm not a good nursemaid. Don't call me if you're ill.
Anton du Beke	My only drive was to be the best dancer in the world, but I never won the world championship.
Anton du Beke	I don't like the Samba; it's nonsense. With a lot of these Latin dances I can't really understand what they're all about. I like the Rumba and the Paso Doble but the others I could take or leave.
Anton du Beke	Being fit is the easiest part of being a dance professional. I used to just throw on a backpack full of rocks and run up a hill. You don't even have to go to a gym.
Anton du Beke	I like to get up and get out. Otherwise you end up kicking about, and it's easy to flick the telly on; then before you know it, it is 11 A.M. and you haven't done anything.
Anton du Beke	My goal is to be the best TV presenter, the best entertainer, the best singer. I still want to be the best dancer. I want to be the best at everything I do.
Anton du Beke	Too many multi-vitamins are packaged as one size fits all, but you should be more specific about what you need. When I was competing as a dancer, I took zinc for healthy skin and immune system.
Anton du Beke	Ballroom dancing: it's a wonderful thing at so many levels because you've got to follow the rules. They used to call those rules etiquette once upon a time, but you don't really have that any more.
Anton du Beke	If things don't go fantastically, you just have to deal with it.
Anton du Beke	I've been playing golf as long as I've been dancing, since I was 13 or 14. I play off six. I like to get out on a golf course as often as I can.
Anton du Beke	I'm a bit of a traditionalist; the ballroom is all about tails and I never mess about with that. But for the Latin you can have a bit fun: tight trousers, gold shirt open to my waist, be a bit ridiculous.
Anton du Beke	Since being involved in 'Strictly Come Dancing,' my life has changed completely. I can't walk down the street without women throwing themselves at me, I usually wouldn't mind, but they are of a certain age. Hopefully, after this series, they will bring their daughters!
Anton du Beke	With the media how it is these days, people expect to know everything. I don't talk about my girlfriend because essentially she doesn't want to be talked about.
Antonio Banderas	Expectation is the mother of all frustration.
Antonio Banderas	Cats are very independent animals. They're very sexy, if you want. Dogs are different. They're familiar. They're obedient. You call a cat, you go, 'Cat, come here.' He doesn't come to you unless you have something in your hand that he thinks might be food. They're very free animals, and I like that.
Antonio Banderas	Everything changes as you get older - your mind, your body, the way you view the world.
Antonio Banderas	The recycling in my house was imposed by my kids.
Antonio Banderas	When you go to the movie theater and the opening of this movie and you see the kids just cracking up with a character you are giving your voice to, you get goose bumps. It's so beautiful.
Antonio Banderas	I wouldn't want my daughters to date a guy like me. I was dangerous around women in my twenties. I'm terrified that they might end up with someone like me.
Antonio Banderas	It was an honor and privilege to arrive to this country 16 years ago with almost no money in my pocket. A lot has happened since then.
Antonio Banderas	I mean, the Constitution of this country was written 200 years ago. The house I was living in in Madrid is 350 years old! America is still a project, and you guys are working on it and bringing new things to it every day. That is beautiful to watch.
Antonio Banderas	I remember in 'Law of Desire,' where I played a homosexual, that people were more upset that I kissed a man on the mouth than I killed a man. It's interesting to see how people can pardon you for murdering a man, but they can't pardon you for kissing one.
Antonio Banderas	I'm a complete hypochondriac. If my heart starts beating a little faster than normal, I think I'm having an attack.
Antonio Banderas	If you call a cat, he may not come. Which doesn't happen with dogs. They're different types of animals. Cats are very sexy I think too in the way they move.
Antonio Banderas	Sometimes I have wrinkles, in the morning. It depends on what kind of night that I had. I accept myself and the way that I am growing older. I have eye bags and some people have proposed to me to take them out but I said no.
Antonio Banderas	The man who doesn't want anything is invincible.
Antonio Banderas	I love the diversity of America. I love the plain, normal sense of humor Americans have. It is not wicked, like in some countries. And I also love how new America is.
Antonio Banderas	This may sound a little harsh, but I don't care about my career. Really, I don't like actors who are always planning what they're going to do next or always worrying about doing something that will go against the image they've created. To me, that's almost like an attack of narcissism.
Antonio Banderas	Cinema has opened a world of possibilities up for me.
Antonio Banderas	I love my country. And I would have to renounce my Spanish citizenship to become a U.S. Citizen.
Antonio Banderas	In my personal life, I am very contemplative.
Antonio Banderas	Listen, I think movies serve many different purposes, from those movies that are frivolous and just an entertainment, to movies that just go to exploring the complexities of the human soul. Everything is valid if it's done with honesty and dignity, and I actually do both of those types of movies in my career.
Antonio Banderas	I think Shrek makes an effect in older people. And there are many things in the movie that you saw that are not for kids. Kids would not understand certain things.
Antonio Banderas	I've never worried about what audiences would accept or had a game plan regarding the career. I never had an idea of how I should look to my fans or anybody else.
Antonio Banderas	You see a woman, 22 years old, going out with a guy over 60 - and it's kind of natural. But if it happens in the opposite direction everyone says, 'What is going on there?'
Antonio Banderas	I have to recognize that I am agnostic.
Antonio Banderas	I like going everywhere. And I love starting new things.
Antonio Banderas	There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things.
Antonio Damasio	When you experience the emotion of sadness, there will be changes in facial expression, and your body will be closed in, withdrawn. There are also changes in your heart, your guts: they slow down. And there are hormonal changes.
Antonio Damasio	When you deal with something like compassion for physical pain, which we know is very, very old in evolution - we can find evidence for it in nonhuman species - the brain processes it at a faster speed. Compassion for mental pain took many seconds longer.
Antonio Damasio	When we talk about emotion, we really talk about a collection of behaviors that are produced by the brain. You can look at a person in the throes of an emotion and observe changes in the face, in the body posture, in the coloration of the skin and so on.
Antonio Damasio	I continue to be fascinated by the fact that feelings are not just the shady side of reason but that they help us to reach decisions as well.
Antonio Damasio	Some of us, for better or worse, develop very stable, consistent, and largely predictable machineries of self. But in others, the self machinery is more flexible and more open to unexpected turns.
Antonio Damasio	Rather than being a luxury, emotions are a very intelligent way of driving an organism toward certain outcomes.
Antonio Damasio	Consciousness, much like our feelings, is based on a representation of the body and how it changes when reacting to certain stimuli. Self-image would be unthinkable without this representation.
Antonio Damasio	Why do we have a brain in the first place? Not to write books, articles, or plays; not to do science or play music. Brains develop because they are an expedient way of managing life in a body.
Antonio Damasio	Consciousness permits us to develop the instruments of culture - morality and justice, religion, art, economics and politics, science and technology. Those instruments allow us some measure of freedom in the confrontation with nature.
Antonio Damasio	I got interested in the emotions after studying patients who had lost the ability to emote and feel under certain circumstances. Many of those patients also had major impairments in their ability to make decisions.
Antonio Damasio	We do not merely perceive objects and hold thoughts in our minds: all our perceptions and thought processes are felt. All have a distinctive component that announces an unequivocal link between images and the existence of life in our organism.
Antonio Damasio	You still have only one self and one identity. However, self, identity and personality are not things, they are not objects, and they certainly are not rigid. Instead, they are biological processes built within the brain from numerous interactive components, step by step, over a period of time.
Antonio Damasio	Interestingly enough, not all feelings result from the body's reaction to external stimuli. Sometimes changes are purely simulated in the brain maps.
Antonio Damasio	There is no such thing as a disembodied mind. The mind is implanted in the brain, and the brain is implanted in the body.
Antonio Damasio	Writing long hand is the last refuge. One needs the time it takes to put pencil to paper and let it run along the ruled line.
Antonio Damasio	For pure joy, I look at a small painting by Arbit Blatas. An ocean liner is at the center of the composition, perhaps ready to depart. It holds the promise of discovery.
Antonio Damasio	In 'Self Comes to Mind' I pay a lot of attention to simple creatures without brains or minds, because those 'cartooned abstractions of who we are' operate on precisely the same principles that we do.
Antonio Damasio	Of necessity, the autobiographical self is not just about one individual but about all the others that an individual interacts with. Of necessity, it incorporates the culture in which the interactions took place.
Antonio Damasio	I cannot listen to Beethoven or Mahler or Chopin or Bach when I write because those composers require you stop what you are doing and listen.
Antonio Damasio	The problem that we, as living organisms, face - and not we only, humans, but any living organism faces - is the management of life.
Antonio Damasio	To me, body and mind are different aspects of specific biological processes.
Antonio Damasio	Having a self, even a simple self, allows you to look into the world and put a mark over what is more important and less important. It's a way of classifying the world in terms of your own needs.
Antonio Damasio	Imagine, for example, birds. When they look out at the world, they have a sense that they are alive. If they are in pain, they can do something about it. If they have hunger or thirst, they can satisfy that. It's this basic feeling that there is life ticking away inside of you.
Arash Ferdowsi	We continue to focus on actually solving problems that real people have and not being distracted by what power users want.
Arash Ferdowsi	As much as we can, we want to prevent people from having to think about how to keep and share their stuff.
Arash Ferdowsi	I get very nervous about not being around the office.
Arash Ferdowsi	If we don't build a company as influential as Google or Facebook, then we failed. I'm, like, perpetually stressed, honestly.
Arash Ferdowsi	We want to let you use a Mac, or Windows PC, or iPad, or Android, without having to think about any of the technical details.
Arash Ferdowsi	I've always been really internally focused. I tend to focus on hiring - ensuring that every person we hire is both a really good fit and really good - and also that everything we put out to our users is very high-quality.
Aravind Adiga	India's great economic boom, the arrival of the Internet and outsourcing, have broken the wall between provincial India and the world.
Aravind Adiga	Like most people who live in India, I complain about corruption, but know that I can live with corrupt men. It is the honest ones I secretly worry about.
Aravind Adiga	When I was writing 'The White Tiger' I lived in a building pretty much exactly like the one I described in this novel, and the people in the book are the people I lived with back then. So I didn't have to do much research to find them.
Aravind Adiga	In my family, as in most middle-class Indian families I knew when I was growing up, science and mathematics were held in awe.
Aravind Adiga	Having plenty of living space has to be the greatest luxury in a city, and I guess in some sense Bombay is the antithesis of what living in Canada must be.
Aravind Adiga	If we were in India now, there would be servants standing in the corners of this room and I wouldn't notice them. That is what my society is like, that is what the divide is like.
Aravind Adiga	Columbia University, where I went to study in 1993, insisted its undergraduates learn a foreign language, so I discovered French.
Aravind Adiga	Nothing gives us greater pride than the importance of India's scientific and engineering colleges, or the army of Indian scientists at organizations such as Microsoft and NASA. Our temples are not the god-encrusted shrines of Varanasi, but Western scientific institutions like Caltech and MIT, and magazines like 'Nature' and 'Scientific American.'
Aravind Adiga	Indians mock their corrupt politicians relentlessly, but they regard their honest politicians with silent suspicion. The first thing they do when they hear of a supposedly 'clean' politician is to grin. It is a cliche that honest politicians in India tend to have dishonest sons, who collect money from people seeking an audience with Dad.
Aravind Adiga	Too much of Indian writing in English, it seemed to me, consisted of middle-class people writing about other middle-class people - and a small slice of life being passed off as an authentic portrait of the country.
Aravind Adiga	It has always been very difficult for writers to survive commercially in India because the market was so small. But that's not true at all any more. It's one of the world's fastest growing and most vibrant markets for books, especially in English.
Aravind Adiga	At a time when India is going through great changes and, with China, is likely to inherit the world from the West, it is important that writers like me try to highlight the brutal injustices of society.
Aravind Adiga	I grew up, as many Indians do, in an archipelago of tongues. My maternal grandfather, who was a surgeon in the city of Madras, was fluent in at least four languages and used each of them daily.
Aravind Adiga	I had grown up in a privileged, upper-caste Hindu community; and because my father worked for a Catholic hospital, we lived in a prosperous Christian neighborhood.
Aravind Adiga	When I was growing up in the south Indian city of Madras, there were only two political parties that mattered; one was run by a former matinee idol, and the other was run by his former screenwriter.
Aravind Adiga	I never did very well as an immigrant. I've lived in several countries and been a disaster everywhere.
Aravind Adiga	I am coming back to New York after five years, and it seems that psychics are taking over the city.
Aravind Adiga	I want to read Keats and Wordsworth, Hemingway, George Orwell.
Aravind Adiga	Like most of my friends in school, I was a member of multiple circulating libraries; and all of us, to begin with, borrowed and read the same things.
Aravind Adiga	An honest politician has no goodies to toss around. This limits his effectiveness profoundly, because political power in India is dispersed throughout a multi-tiered federal structure; a local official who has not been paid off can sometimes stop a billion-dollar project.
Aravind Adiga	Greenwich Village always had its share of mind readers, but there are many more these days, and they seem to have moved closer to the mainstream of life in the city. What was crazy 10 years ago is now respectable, even among the best-educated New Yorkers.
Aravind Adiga	In India, it's the rich who have problems with obesity. And the poor are darker-skinned because they work outside and often work without their tops on so you can see their ribs.
Aravind Adiga	Mangalore, the coastal Indian town where I lived until I was almost 16, is now a booming city of malls and call-centres. But, in the 1980s, it was a provincial town in a socialist country.
Ariel Garten	You have to, in some ways, trust in the human spirit and in human ingenuity.
Ariel Garten	Muse is the brain-sensing headband that allows you to track your cognitive and emotional activity. It boosts your attention and helps you become more aware of the emotions that you're having.
Ariel Garten	Consumer technology and medical tools have been created to benefit our daily lives. Without self-regulation, though, the industry could be at risk of potentially halting years of innovation and stunting growth in this field.
Ariel Garten	Under the deluge of minute-to-minute text conversations, emails, relentless exchange of media channels and passwords and apps and reminders and tweets and tags, we lose sight of what all this fuss is supposed to be about in the first place: ourselves.
Ariel Garten	I think we're all very curious about our own minds, but we just may not have the tools to channel that.
Ariel Garten	I was always exploring relationships between art and science.
Ariel Garten	The most important part of ourselves is the mind, and it has been rather inaccessible.
Ariel Garten	I started working with brain sensing tech in labs over a decade ago and was immediately fascinated by the potential to help people peer into the workings and behaviors of their own minds.
Ariel Garten	I want to help give people the ability to stop and take just a few minutes a day to regroup and refocus: to give them a chance to get perspective on the things that matter and the things that don't.
Ariel Garten	I've always been fascinated with knowing the self. This fascination led me to submerge myself in art, study neuroscience, and later to become a psychotherapist.
Ariel Garten	Much of the time, we're transfixed by all of the ways we can reflect ourselves into the world. And we can barely find the time to reflect deeply back in on our own selves.
Ariel Garten	Muse is going to be part of everyday life as an indispensable tool helping people overcome mental, physical and emotional barriers. It's going to allow us to free ourselves in ways we never thought possible.
Ariel Garten	Obsession with conventional ideas of 'success' can be harmful enough, but compound that stress with relationships, family, financial woes and health concerns, and you find yourself in a constant state of fight or flight. This causes people to be more reactionary, which further perpetuates the cycle of stress.
Ariel Garten	We've all had stress creep up on us without even noticing it until we lost it on someone who didn't deserve it, and then we realize that we probably should have checked in with ourselves a little earlier.
Aristotle	Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Aristotle	The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Aristotle	My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
Aristotle	It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle	Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle	Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Aristotle	Hope is a waking dream.
Aristotle	You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Aristotle	The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Aristotle	Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Aristotle	In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Aristotle	A friend to all is a friend to none.
Aristotle	The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal.
Aristotle	At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.
Aristotle	There is no great genius without a mixture of madness.
Aristotle	The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Aristotle	We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle	Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle	Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle	The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival.
Aristotle	In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme.
Aristotle	A true friend is one soul in two bodies.
Aristotle	Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.
Aristotle	Good habits formed at youth make all the difference.
Aristotle	In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true friends are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds.
Aristotle Onassis	It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Aristotle Onassis	The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis	We must free ourselves of the hope that the sea will ever rest. We must learn to sail in high winds.
Aristotle Onassis	If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Aristotle Onassis	After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.
Aristotle Onassis	To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
Aristotle Onassis	I have no friends and no enemies - only competitors.
Aristotle Onassis	The more you own, the more you know you don't own.
Aristotle Onassis	Find a priest who understands English and doesn't look like Rasputin.
Armand Hammer	When I work fourteen hours a day, seven days a week, I get lucky.
Armand Hammer	Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul.
Armando Iannucci	I am an optimist even though I am told everything I do is negative and cynical.
Armando Iannucci	Never underestimate the intelligence of the audience; make good programmes, and they will come.
Armando Iannucci	Joe Biden is that special combination of someone who is very talented and influential, but when he starts speaking, there's inevitably going to be headlines written about something he said.
Armando Iannucci	I find it an easy way into writing pieces is to think what the character's voice is like, and start from there.
Armando Iannucci	The busier you are, the less time you have to make decisions.
Armando Iannucci	I hate the idea of labels and saying you are member of one party or another and signing up to all sorts of policies that you don't have a view on or don't believe in. Because I'm not a politician, I don't have to be consistent in what I say and how I behave.
Armando Iannucci	I started quite young at school, compering a charity event at an old people's home. I would do stand up and impressions and enjoyed the laughter. It's very addictive. It's a lovely sensation to say something and hear a whole room laugh.
Armando Iannucci	When I'm making something, I've always felt in charge and therefore able to call the shots. But what you've got to do is stop that turning into arrogance or despotism!
Armando Iannucci	My 11-year-old thinks I'm cool because he watches things I've made on YouTube.
Armando Iannucci	I assume everyone around me is older because they look more responsible.
Armando Iannucci	I briefly thought of becoming a priest but quickly saw that would be ridiculous.
Armando Iannucci	I refuse to work evenings or weekends. If a script sees my character meeting for dinner, I put a line through the words and make them meet for lunch.
Armando Iannucci	The last thing I want to do is use my comedy as a partisan tool or as a method for preaching.
Armando Iannucci	There is still an element of the BBC that feels it is somehow wrong, or it will be open to criticism, if it makes more money.
Armando Iannucci	Governments, whether right or left, have become commissioners-in-chief, nudging and cajoling networks into preferred business models without the slightest sensitivity or awareness of what the public wants or the TV industry is capable of.
Armando Iannucci	When I started off, I always used to do parodies and impressions, mimicking people... and then institutions. You become aware that some institutions have their own language. You almost define yourself by how you speak.
Armando Iannucci	When you do a movie as opposed to a TV show, it's always tempting to think everything has to be big and exaggerated and spectacular. And in fact, a lot of the funniest comedy films have been very intimate.
Armie Hammer	You have to emote much more to get what you're trying to get across to come through a quarter inch of latex that's superglued to your face.
Armie Hammer	My very first kiss happened when I was 6, underneath some desks during 'nap time', but my first real kiss happened when I was 15 in the parking lot at a Mexican food restaurant.
Armie Hammer	I grew up in the Cayman Islands. I didn't play video games or watch TV. I would basically come home from school, throw down my backpack, grab my machete, and go hike and chop down trees to make a fort.
Armie Hammer	The Internet is an actor's best friend.
Armie Hammer	I was always Armie. There couldn't be a 90-year-old Armand and a 9-day-old one. And I heard enough jokes about baking soda.
Armie Hammer	My great-great-grandfather Julius founded the Communist Party in New York.
Armie Hammer	I feel fortunate. I've really gotten to work with amazing talented people, and to learn from them, which is why I'm doing this. If I can work with the best director I'm going to do it.
Armie Hammer	It's something that I think I'm going to have to fight against for most of my career, for people to take me seriously as an actor as opposed to a good-looking guy. It's not what I want to be known as.
Armie Hammer	My entire life had been this long, pressured conversation about the family I represented. 'When you walk out the door, you represent us. You have to dress well and make sure your hair is combed.'
Armie Hammer	There are two 'Snow White' movies coming out for the same reason that you remember back in the day there was 'Armageddon' and then 'Deep Impact.' You know, 'Andromeda Strain' and then 'Outbreak.' Like, all of those things. It's common because basically studios have no imagination in making the decisions.
Armie Hammer	I think a primal role of a man in a relationship is to protect his woman.
Armie Hammer	As a fluke, my great-grandfather hit one of the largest oil reserves in California.
Armie Hammer	I couldn't be more blessed.
Armie Hammer	I like reading. I just hate school.
Armie Hammer	I love art. I used to have a painting of Gorbachev that was given to my family by Gorbachev.
Armie Hammer	I mean I would still love to be in Mel Brooks' movies; he's great.
Armie Hammer	I need it to survive. But most specifically, McDonalds Big Mac's and McDoubles (with no pickles).
Armie Hammer	I never grew up reading or fantasizing about fairy tales. I was always too busy, like, outside being a kid.
Armie Hammer	I support myself. My wife and I together - it's all our household. I'm really proud of that.
Armie Hammer	I try to do romantic gestures all the time.
Armie Hammer	I'm half Jewish, but no one believes me because my looks lean a little WASP-y... It's sometimes hard for me to get the roles I'm drawn to.
Armie Hammer	Just because it sparkles doesn't mean it's good.
Armie Hammer	Not sure of my place in the world (still up for debate) and not sure what I wanted to do with my life (not really up for debate).
Armie Hammer	I've definitely had a bunch of action scripts sent to me, but again I'm a stickler for directors. If it's, like, an action flick with a great director, then it's like, 'Oh let's look at this thing,' but if it's just like a shoot-em'-up with a first time director, I don't know if that's the trajectory I want to take with what I'm doing.
Armie Hammer	I don't think I should tell you what to do, nor should the government. As long as you enjoy your own personal liberties and don't infringe on the liberties of others, I don't care.
Arne Jacobsen	The primary factor is proportions.
Arne Jacobsen	In a way, the sense of quality has improved, the status symbol of the small things is gone, and it is acceptable to use stainless steel, even if the neighbour uses silver.
Arne Jacobsen	If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Arne Jacobsen	People buy a chair, and they don't really care who designed it.
Arne Jacobsen	Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
Arne Jacobsen	I have no philosophy, my favourite thing is sitting in the studio.
Arne Jacobsen	Architecture tends to consume everything else, it has become one's entire life.
Arne Jacobsen	That business of relaxation, which is so terribly modern today, is all good and well, but my work interests me so much, and is so varied, that many times it seems relaxing when I go from one aspect to another.
Arne Jacobsen	Besides, I think that when one has been through a boarding school, especially then, you have some resistance, because it was both fine comradeship and a fairly hard training.
Arne Jacobsen	When I travel, I draw and paint sketches which is great fun. And as long as you are fully aware that it has nothing to do with actual art, I think that's all right.
Arne Jacobsen	Carrying out the thing, getting it to the point when one might say: There, now it is good - that point is hard to reach. Often, one sets very high goals for oneself. Perhaps too high.
Arne Jacobsen	Furniture manufacturing in plastics requires very costly machinery, which the Danish market is not big enough to justify. Or so they say. But show me a plastics manufacturer who dares to take on the experiment.
Arne Jacobsen	And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture.
Arne Jacobsen	Now, the downside to conservation is that so much is done for the public, which almost always mars the environment that one wanted to conserve.
Arne Jacobsen	That is the artistic task: To choose the best from these solutions.
Arne Jacobsen	But inspiration? - That's when you come home from abroad and are asked: Well, have you found inspiration? - and fortunately you haven't. But the impressions sink in, of course, and may emerge later: None of us has invented the house; that was done many thousands of years ago.
Arne Jacobsen	I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.
Arne Jacobsen	I do not feel certain until I have confronted my initial solution with other solutions - although in fact the first solution often proves to be the right one.
Arne Jacobsen	Almost every time I make a building, some people will condemn it straight to Hell.
Arne Jacobsen	There is always a point when one senses one's lack of skill, the doubt.
Arne Jacobsen	In addressing a task, one almost always has several possible options, sometimes only a few, and they may all be practical and functional. But they lack the aesthetic aspect that raises it to architecture.
Arne Jacobsen	If architecture had nothing to do with art, it would be astonishingly easy to build houses, but the architect's task - his most difficult task - is always that of selecting.
Arne Jacobsen	On the other hand, I don't understand the enthusiasm for everything in the antique shop that Grandma threw out. There, the sense of quality has declined; otherwise Grandma wouldn't have thrown it out.
Arne Jacobsen	With a painter or a sculptor, one cannot begin to alter his works, but an architect has to put up with anything, because he makes utility objects - the building is there to be used, and times change.
Arne Jacobsen	You will soon find that I am a bit obsessive about my work. And that is a little sad, one often feels strangely restricted, not finding time to simmer, although one actually has many interests.
Arnold H. Glasow	A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
Arnold H. Glasow	Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Arnold H. Glasow	The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it.
Arnold H. Glasow	The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.
Arnold H. Glasow	A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Arnold H. Glasow	Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath.
Arnold H. Glasow	One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
Arnold H. Glasow	Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Arnold H. Glasow	Improvement begins with I.
Arnold H. Glasow	Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied.
Arnold H. Glasow	A consultant is someone who saves his client almost enough to pay his fee.
Arnold H. Glasow	Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
Arnold H. Glasow	Happy is the person who knows what to remember of the past, what to enjoy in the present, and what to plan for in the future.
Arnold H. Glasow	Nothing splendid was ever created in cold blood. Heat is required to forge anything. Every great accomplishment is the story of a flaming heart.
Arnold H. Glasow	It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.
Arnold H. Glasow	In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are.
Arnold H. Glasow	Expecting something for nothing is the most popular form of hope.
Arnold H. Glasow	An idea not coupled with action will never get any bigger than the brain cell it occupied.
Arnold H. Glasow	Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Arnold H. Glasow	Progress is what happens when impossibility yields to necessity.
Arnold H. Glasow	Praise does wonders for our sense of hearing.
Arnold H. Glasow	Nothing lasts forever - not even your troubles.
Arnold H. Glasow	Live so that your friends can defend you but never have to.
Arnold H. Glasow	All some folks want is their fair share and yours.
Arnold H. Glasow	The trouble with the future is that is usually arrives before we're ready for it.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That's what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they'll go through the pain no matter what happens.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Help others and give something back. I guarantee you will discover that while public service improves the lives and the world around you, its greatest reward is the enrichment and new meaning it will bring your own life.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	What we face may look insurmountable. But I learned something from all those years of training and competing. I learned something from all those sets and reps when I didn't think I could lift another ounce of weight. What I learned is that we are always stronger than we know.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Training gives us an outlet for suppressed energies created by stress and thus tones the spirit just as exercise conditions the body.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	My body is like breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I don't think about it, I just have it.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	I welcome and seek your ideas, but do not bring me small ideas; bring me big ideas to match our future.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	As long as I live, I will never forget that day 21 years ago when I raised my hand and took the oath of citizenship. Do you know how proud I was? I was so proud that I walked around with an American flag around my shoulders all day long.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	I just use my muscles as a conversation piece, like someone walking a cheetah down 42nd Street.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	As you know, I'm an immigrant. I came over here as an immigrant, and what gave me the opportunities, what made me to be here today, is the open arms of Americans. I have been received. I have been adopted by America.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	Learned helplessness is the giving-up reaction, the quitting response that follows from the belief that whatever you do doesn't matter.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	My own dreams fortunately came true in this great state. I became Mr. Universe; I became a successful businessman. And even though some people say I still speak with a slight accent, I have reached the top of the acting profession.
Arnold Schwarzenegger	If it's hard to remember, it'll be difficult to forget.
Arsenio Hall	I knew going in that being a single parent would be one of the toughest jobs I'd ever have. I'd been a talk-show host, actor, comic, and on and on, but this gig was going to be my defining moment.
Arsenio Hall	I know I did the right thing by taking time off to raise my son. But it also came at a price. I turned down many opportunities over the years because I didn't want to leave him for long periods of time. And in Hollywood, as in any business, the calls stop coming when you don't answer.
Arsenio Hall	I am consumed with the fear of failing. Reaching deep down and finding confidence has made all my dreams come true.
Arsenio Hall	I've never understood what the upside of marriage would be for me personally.
Arsenio Hall	My name is Arsenio. That's a very unique name for a black man. In Greek, it means Leroy.
Arsenio Hall	I don't possess a lot of self-confidence. I'm an actor so I simply act confident every time I hit the stage.
Arsenio Hall	I love being in a relationship, but marriage isn't for me.
Arsenio Hall	You go out with a girl you used to date, she looks so damn good, and then at a certain point you say, Boy, now I remember. I know why I left!
Arsenio Hall	At one point in my career, while still hosting 'The Arsenio Hall Show,' I was told by my doctor that it might not be physically possible for me to have children.
Arsenio Hall	My father was a no-nonsense, dedicated, and focused minister, and there was usually a sermon he needed to prepare for or a Scripture he needed to study, and that always came first.
Art Garfunkel	After all these years, I'm finally into soccer. The World Cup is on, and my band is an international group - they're all around me, cheering in the hotel bars.
Art Garfunkel	We human beings are tuned such that we crave great melody and great lyrics. And if somebody writes a great song, it's timeless that we as humans are going to feel something for that and there's going to be a real appreciation.
Art Garfunkel	When Paul and I were first friends, starting in the sixth grade and seventh grade, we would sing a little together and we would make up radio shows and become disc jockeys on our home wire recorder. And then came rock and roll.
Art Garfunkel	Paul is a very creative artist but I'm more that thorough, meticulous, disciplined nut.
Art Garfunkel	We'd go to the fraternity house. It was a good place to practice. But we really wanted the kids to overhear us. And whoever heard us would go nuts over it.
Art Garfunkel	I was a student at Columbia College, actually, in the Architecture school. Paul would drive in from Queens, showing me these new songs. I can't remember us working it out.
Art Garfunkel	I would start seeing, in just the sense I was saying now, the kind of record it was going to be and what the arrangement demands, and what my vocal part should be in the record. This was all emerging as the song was emerging.
Art Garfunkel	Paul has more, I think, of a feel for the stage. Whereas I have it more for the notes themselves. I love record making and mixing, arranging, producing. That I love. I love to make beautiful things, but I don't like to perform.
Art Garfunkel	I'm the kind of person who can hear that stuff. If you sing along to the radio and you're not going to sing unison with the melody, but find the harmony, I find that pretty easy to do.
Art Garfunkel	I did have a lucky thing going on there in my throat.
Art Garfunkel	I like working solo and it was a lot of fun joking around with the audience, saying things. I'm only just learning how to do certain things.
Art Garfunkel	I teach well. I used to really like teaching a lot. I enjoyed it a lot and I was good at it.
Art Garfunkel	Records became much cruder in the last 20 years. Let's put it that way.
Art Garfunkel	Records have images. There are wet records and dry records. And big records.
Art Garfunkel	Paul's the writer. Yeah, I wrote a little of that stuff, but that's just technically true. In spirit, and in essence of the truth, it doesn't matter. So I don't know, maybe I'm being foolish for not being technical. Yeah, I wrote a certain portion of the things.
Art Garfunkel	Rodgers and Hammerstein didn't mean anything to me. I just wanted to have a hit, I just wanted to be like those people on the radio. It was all of a case of the present tense with no projecting into the future, particularly.
Art Garfunkel	So it's mix and match. Hold your line when you really feel something you're saying is wonderful and you really want to get this point across and prove it to your partner by just throwing it into the tape and letting it speak for itself.
Arthur Adamov	The only thing to know is how to use your neurosis.
Arthur Adamov	Misery's fine - as long as you know you can get out of it when you want to.
Arthur Adamov	Passive pleasure is no pleasure at all.
Arthur Adamov	Things always happen in series.
Arthur Ashe	Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Arthur Ashe	One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
Arthur Ashe	Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Arthur Ashe	True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost.
Arthur Ashe	If I were to say, 'God, why me?' about the bad things, then I should have said, 'God, why me?' about the good things that happened in my life.
Arthur Ashe	Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time.
Arthur Ashe	I have tried to keep on with my striving because this is the only hope I have of ever achieving anything worthwhile and lasting.
Arthur Ashe	I keep sailing on in this middle passage. I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full.
Arthur Ashe	From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Arthur Ashe	The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight.
Arthur Ashe	You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Arthur Ashe	My potential is more than can be expressed within the bounds of my race or ethnic identity.
Arthur Ashe	A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions.
Arthur Ashe	We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
Arthur Ashe	There is a syndrome in sports called 'paralysis by analysis.'
Arthur Ashe	I don't care who you are, you're going to choke in certain matches. You get to a point where your legs don't move and you can't take a deep breath. You start to hit the ball about a yard wide, instead of inches.
Arthur Ashe	You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Arthur Ashe	I accepted the face that as much as I want to lead others, and love to be around other people, in some essential way, I am something of a loner.
Arthur Ashe	When bright young minds can't afford college, America pays the price.
Arthur Ashe	Clothes and manners do not make the man; but when he is made, they greatly improve his appearance.
Arthur Ashe	When we were together, I loved you deeply and you gave me so much happiness I can never repay you.
Arthur Ashe	Do not feel sorry for me if I am gone.
Arthur Ashe	I don't want to be remembered for my tennis accomplishments.
Arthur Ashe	Later, I discovered there was a lot of work to being good in tennis.
Arthur Ashe	I have always drawn strength from being close to home.
Arthur Baer	A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
Arthur Baer	If you do big things they print your face, and if you do little things they print only your thumbs.
Arthur Baer	It is impossible to tell where the law stops and justice begins.
Arthur Baer	A plumber is an adventurer who traces leaky pipes to their source.
Arthur Baer	A good neighbor is a fellow who smiles at you over the back fence, but doesn't climb over it.
Arthur Baer	His insomnia was so bad, he couldn't sleep during office hours.
Arthur Baer	Lefty Grove could throw a lamb chop past a wolf.
Arthur Baer	It was so quiet, you could hear a pun drop.
Arthur Baer	If you laid all our laws end to end, there would be no end.
Arthur Baer	It was as helpful as throwing a drowning man both ends of the rope.
Arthur Baer	Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
Arthur Baer	His head was full of larceny, but his feet were honest.
Arthur Baer	She used to diet on any kind of food she could lay her hands on.
Arthur Baer	She's generous to a fault - if it's her own.
Arthur Baer	The ladies looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
Arthur Baker	I can't re-define music every week!
Arthur Baker	I remember being told 'Someone's gonna make a fortune out of this rap thing' and thinking 'no way'.
Arthur Balfour	Enthusiasm moves the world.
Arthur Balfour	I thought Winston Churchill was a young man of promise, but it appears he is a young man of promises.
Arthur Balfour	Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Arthur Balfour	It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth.
Arthur Balfour	I never forgive, but I always forget.
Arthur Balfour	He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming.
Arthur Balfour	Biography should be written by an acute enemy.
Arthur Balfour	The General Strike has taught the working class more in four days than years of talking could have done.
Arthur C. Danto	It really is impossible not to like him. His success was his failure.
Arthur C. Danto	The Rockwell magazine cover was more a part of the American reality than a record of it.
Arthur Capper	I urge the enactment of a civil service law so explicit and so strong that no partisan official will dare evade it, basing all rewards, promotions and salaries solely on merit, on loyalty and industry in the public service.
Arthur Capper	If we are to perpetuate the state, we must not only produce citizens, but good citizens - men and women of sound bodies, clear minds and clean souls.
Arthur Capper	County government can be simplified greatly by reorganizing and consolidating some of the offices, making others appointive, and reducing salaries in keeping with the salaries paid by private business for the performance of similar duties.
Arthur Capper	Several amendments should be made to the primary and general election laws to improve them, but such changes must in no way interfere with a full and free expression of the people's choice in naming the candidates to be voted on at general elections.
Arthur Capper	Any plan of administration which contemplates a concentrating of responsibility is open to the dangers which follow the creation of a bureaucracy.
Arthur Capper	A boy or girl who has gone through the eight grades should possess a complete, practical education and should have received special training in some specific line of work, fitting him or her to earn a livelihood.
Arthur Capper	Until the people, by amendment, change the constitution, I urge that the counties cooperate with one another, that future road work be more uniform, and done in such a way that it will result in connected and continuous highways.
Arthur Capper	We now consider as fundamental economic functions of the state, many duties that were left a generation ago to chance.
Arthur Capper	Following the war in Europe a large increase of European immigration to the United States is to be expected, of which the largest part is and always has been made up of men skilled in farming.
Arthur Capper	For the 95 per cent whose only means of schooling is the district or the city school, we must provide what we are not now providing, an education that will better fit them for the struggle of life.
Arthur Capper	It is our duty to see that our future citizens are well born; that they are properly nourished, and are reared in that environment most likely to develop in them their full capacity and powers.
Arthur Capper	The farmers in Kansas are sorely in need of a credit system meeting their special requirements, that they may more readily obtain money on short or long time for their farming operations, or that they may become owners of farms.
Arthur Capper	The pressure of special interests, the demands of special sections of the state, the needs of friends, all must be subordinated to the good of the people as a whole.
Arthur Capper	We spend more than a million dollars a year on our colleges and university, and it is money well spent; but we must have education that fits not the few but the many for the business of life.
Arthur Conan Doyle	There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Arthur Conan Doyle	It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Arthur Conan Doyle	We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
Arthur Conan Doyle	My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Arthur Conan Doyle	I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
Arthur Conan Doyle	When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Arthur Conan Doyle	As a rule, said Holmes, the more bizarre a thing is the less mysterious it proves to be. It is your commonplace, featureless crimes which are really puzzling, just as a commonplace face is the most difficult to identify.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Arthur Conan Doyle	London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers and idlers of the Empire are irresistibly drained.
Arthur Conan Doyle	There is nothing more unaesthetic than a policeman.
Arthur Conan Doyle	It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
Arthur Conan Doyle	It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Arthur Conan Doyle	I have seen too much not to know that the impression of a woman may be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reasoner.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Where there is no imagination there is no horror.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Violence does, in truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit which he digs for another.
Arthur Conan Doyle	Of all ghosts the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
Arthur Conan Doyle	From a drop of water a logician could infer the possibility of an Atlantic or a Niagara without having seen or heard of one or the other.
Arthur Conan Doyle	His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge.
Arthur Conan Doyle	The most difficult crime to track is the one which is purposeless.
Arthur Conan Doyle	A man should keep his little brain attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it.
Arthur Conan Doyle	A trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more so.
Arthur Conan Doyle	I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children.
Arthur Darvill	Monday is great if I can spend it in bed. I'm a man of simple pleasures, really.
Arthur Darvill	I'd rather do my own performance than copy someone else's.
Arthur Darvill	I go to the Natural History Museum and look at the cage of stuffed starlings there. But my favourite thing is the big blue whale. The scale of it is unbelievable, and makes you feel how insignificant you are as a human being.
Arthur Darvill	I've started collecting taxidermy: I've got a red squirrel, called Steve. I made sure he came with certificates so we know he wasn't just killed for stuffing.
Arthur Darvill	I use music as therapy. Whenever I'm feeling angry or needing some 'me' time, which is quite regularly, I'll go and bang a piano or flesh out something on a guitar.
Arthur Darvill	I think 'Breaking Bad' is brilliant. Good drama in the U.S. is also so funny and blurs the line between light and dark.
Arthur Darvill	I'm endlessly putting myself on tapes for things over in America! I'm always sitting at home, learning lines, sending stuff to America.
Arthur Darvill	'Broadchurch' is very different, but it's equally as good as 'The Killing' - if not better.
Arthur Darvill	I did 'Little Dorrit' a few years ago; I really love doing period dramas. It's stuff like that I really enjoy watching.
Arthur Darvill	I didn't really have any aspirations to do TV when I first decided to be an actor.
Arthur Darvill	My dad bought me a guitar when I was very young, and I never looked back.
Arthur Darvill	'The Globe' is one of the most terrifying theatres in London. It's that mob element - everyone packed in and staring up at you.
Arthur Darvill	When I was young, my mum was part of a brilliant puppet theatre that toured all over the world.
Arthur Eddington	If your theory is found to be against the second law of theromodynamics, I give you no hope; there is nothing for it but to collapse in deepest humiliation.
Arthur Eddington	We used to think that if we knew one, we knew two, because one and one are two. We are finding that we must learn a great deal more about 'and'.
Arthur Eddington	We have found that where science has progressed the farthest, the mind has but regained from nature that which the mind put into nature.
Arthur Eddington	Oh leave the Wise our measures to collate. One thing at least is certain, light has weight. One thing is certain and the rest debate. Light rays, when near the Sun, do not go straight.
Arthur Eddington	If an army of monkeys were strumming on typewriters, they might write all the books in the British Museum.
Arthur Eddington	It is impossible to trap modern physics into predicting anything with perfect determinism because it deals with probabilities from the outset.
Arthur Eddington	The mathematics is not there till we put it there.
Arthur Eddington	We often think that when we have completed our study of one we know all about two, because 'two' is 'one and one.' We forget that we still have to make a study of 'and.'
Arthur Eddington	It is also a good rule not to put overmuch confidence in the observational results that are put forward until they are confirmed by theory.
Arthur Eddington	It is one thing for the human mind to extract from the phenomena of nature the laws which it has itself put into them; it may be a far harder thing to extract laws over which it has no control.
Arthur Eddington	Something unknown is doing we don't know what.
Arthur Eddington	Who will observe the observers?
Arthur Eddington	Shuffling is the only thing which Nature cannot undo.
Arthur Eddington	Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line, except insofar as it doesn't.
Arthur Eddington	Probably the simplest hypothesis... is that there may be a slow process of annihilation of matter.
Arthur Eddington	It is even possible that laws which have not their origin in the mind may be irrational, and we can never succeed in formulating them.
Arthur Eddington	It is sound judgment to hope that in the not too distant future we shall be competent to understand so simple a thing as a star.
Arthur Eddington	The quest of the absolute leads into the four-dimensional world.
Arthur Eddington	We have found a strange footprint on the shores of the unknown.
Arthur Eddington	Proof is an idol before whom the pure mathematician tortures himself.
Arthur Ganson	I happen to love engineering. I love figuring things out in a spatial sense, that whole realm of working with mechanical parts, and the relationship of the parts, and things like ratios and the speeds of particular objects.
Arthur Ganson	The scientist and the artist are both passionate about their exploration. What leads to my work is that I'm equally an artist and an engineer.
Arthur Ganson	I guess I'm fascinated with motion because I find that whenever anything is moving, I have some feeling about it. It doesn't matter what kind of motion it is. A motion will always evoke some kind of reaction.
Arthur Ganson	The impulse for me to want to make sculpture is because I want to make statements, really, on a purely emotional level. And it's also somewhat of a challenge to see how that can be done with materials and objects that really are not emotional, in and of themselves.
Arthur Hailey	There I was, an 18-year-old mimic rooming with a blind whistler.
Arthur Hailey	I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning.
Arthur Hailey	I don't think I really invented anybody. I have drawn on real life.
Arthur Hailey	I set myself 600 words a day as a minimum output, regardless of the weather, my state of mind or if I'm sick or well. There must be 600 finished words-not almost right words.
Arthur Hailey	The president of General Motors was in a foul humor.
Arthur Hailey	Long afterward, many would remember those two days in the first week of October with vividness and anguish.
Arthur Hailey	When I began writing that I was able and did travel and met some fascinating people and also uncovered some history, which has not been discovered before.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Arthur Schopenhauer	They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Arthur Schopenhauer	A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
Arthur Schopenhauer	All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Arthur Schopenhauer	The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
Arthur Schopenhauer	The discovery of truth is prevented more effectively, not by the false appearance things present and which mislead into error, not directly by weakness of the reasoning powers, but by preconceived opinion, by prejudice.
Arthur Schopenhauer	The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Arthur Schopenhauer	To live alone is the fate of all great souls.
Arthur Schopenhauer	A man's delight in looking forward to and hoping for some particular satisfaction is a part of the pleasure flowing out of it, enjoyed in advance. But this is afterward deducted, for the more we look forward to anything the less we enjoy it when it comes.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Opinion is like a pendulum and obeys the same law. If it goes past the centre of gravity on one side, it must go a like distance on the other; and it is only after a certain time that it finds the true point at which it can remain at rest.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Sleep is the interest we have to pay on the capital which is called in at death; and the higher the rate of interest and the more regularly it is paid, the further the date of redemption is postponed.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Arthur Schopenhauer	As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Money is human happiness in the abstract; he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money.
Arthur Schopenhauer	With people of limited ability modesty is merely honesty. But with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy.
Arthur Schopenhauer	The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Boredom is just the reverse side of fascination: both depend on being outside rather than inside a situation, and one leads to the other.
Arthur Schopenhauer	It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards.
Arthur Schopenhauer	National character is only another name for the particular form which the littleness, perversity and baseness of mankind take in every country. Every nation mocks at other nations, and all are right.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Arthur Schopenhauer	Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
Arthur Seyss-Inquart	The Jews are the enemy of National Socialism.
Arthur Seyss-Inquart	The National Socialist Party in Austria never tried to hide its inclination for a greater Germany.
Arthur Seyss-Inquart	We will smite the Jews where we meet them and whoever goes along with them must take the consequences.
Asghar Farhadi	Iranian filmmakers are not passive. They fight whenever they can, as creative expression means a lot to them. The restrictions and censorship in Iran are a bit like the British weather: one day it's sunny, the next day it's raining. You just have to hope you walk out into the sunshine.
Asghar Farhadi	Classical tragedy was the war between good and evil. We wanted evil to be defeated and good to be victorious. But the battle in modern tragedy is between good and good. And no matter which side wins, we'll still be heartbroken.
Asghar Farhadi	There is no privilege in restriction. In other words, I disagree with people who say restriction makes you more creative. I think that's a misleading slogan. I might have been more creative without them than with them.
Asghar Farhadi	It's not some big event that creates the drama, it's the little things of everyday life that bring about that drama.
Asghar Farhadi	I tend to jot down moments, lines, interactions that don't really make any sense. I try and explain these scattered notes to my close friends, and they become more and more logical. I see screenwriting as a bit like a math equation which I have to solve.
Asghar Farhadi	I feel it's important to talk about the complex issues affecting us.
Asghar Farhadi	The bigger confrontation is the one an individual has with itself.
Asghar Farhadi	When we talk about self-confrontations, we are speaking about moral issues rather than social issues.
Asghar Farhadi	Is there one specific source that determines correct morality and everybody should follow that? Or should individuals come up with following that source or not depending on their situation?
Asghar Farhadi	I would have had the same narrative, regardless of the atmosphere and the restrictions.
Asghar Farhadi	I gained a great deal from the period during which I worked in theater and I value those things a great deal.
Asghar Farhadi	I think it's insulting to an audience to make them sit and watch a film and then give them a message in one sentence.
Asghar Farhadi	It's very difficult to talk about religion in Iran because religion has gotten so mixed up with politics.
Asghar Farhadi	Poetry, especially traditional Iranian poetry, is very good at looking at things from a number of different angles simultaneously.
Asghar Farhadi	The fact is I'm not making a film in order to draw pictures or make images about Iran.
Asghar Farhadi	When I came to know theater, drama became valuable to me.
Asghar Farhadi	I feel that it means a lot to the people of Iran that my film is represented at the Oscars, and it makes me happy to bring them that joy, that I'm representing them and that I'm able to give them that element of pleasure to be the envoy from Iran. It's a very pleasant thing.
Asghar Farhadi	I prefer to stay in my country. But this doesn't mean if someone does want to leave Iran, I think they've done something wrong - the desire to leave is completely understandable.
Asghar Farhadi	Each person makes their own choice, but my spirit is meant to stay in Iran, especially with the work that I do, and with the emotional connection I have with the country - with all its difficulties, this is why I stay.
Asghar Farhadi	I like storytelling movies and more than that I like historical movies; and I think someday I'll definitely make a movie about the past 50 years history.
Asghar Farhadi	It's been interesting to see how similar audiences in the East and West are, actually, and how it makes you realize that when politicians emphasize the differences between our cultures, it's usually because it benefits them more so than us.
Asghar Farhadi	Often times, music is used to evoke an emotion and it's become a cliche, so I don't want to do that, and actually what I do, is that emotional intensity that has developed throughout the film, I allow it to get released by having that music at the end with the credits.
Asghar Farhadi	There are those who simply want to live their lives, and feel they cannot live the way they want to in Iran. Others are ideologically motivated: They will stay no matter what and try to change things.
Asghar Farhadi	Unless you're trying to make a movie on the sly, there's no way to get around this. If you want to use public spaces, film on the streets, have the cooperation of the police, you have to have a permit.
Asghar Farhadi	When I decide to write a story, I don't think too much about what I want it to be, I just let things come naturally and this is how it turns out. It's just how my subconscious works.
Ashton Eaton	I won't back down. I get a satisfaction from being tested and defeating the test.
Ashton Eaton	There's never going to be a decathlon that you're going to have 10 events that your satisfied with. You're always, always going to be dissatisfied in something, and that always draws you back to try to retry that the next time you do a decathlon. It's like you go for the perfect 10.
Ashton Eaton	I think a challenge for myself is to see how many times I can get above 9,000. That would be a good challenge.
Ashton Eaton	I'm not maximized yet.
Ashton Eaton	The desire definitely comes from within. There are only a few people who make it to this level and those are the ones who have that innate desire.
Ashton Eaton	The thing I like about decathlon is also the thing I dislike: It's the maximum challenge, but also the maximum frustration.
Ashton Eaton	The great thing about this is, and not to pump my own tires, but I feel like I'm not maximized yet. I feel like I can still run faster, jump higher, which I think makes it special. Hopefully, going to London, I'll be welcomed into the decathlon community.
Ashton Eaton	I want to see where I measure up against everyone in the world and everyone who has ever competed in the sport, and there's that innate sense of wanting to challenge myself. I'm competitive in all aspects.
Ashton Eaton	My goal in Korea is to win. There's no timetable when to set the American record.
Ashton Eaton	That is when the crowd really lifted me. That last 600 meters I was not running with my own legs. It was incredible.
Ashton Eaton	When I see my mom in the stands, it always pushes me to succeed.
Atifete Jahjaga	Democracy must be built through open societies that share information. When there is information, there is enlightenment. When there is debate, there are solutions. When there is no sharing of power, no rule of law, no accountability, there is abuse, corruption, subjugation and indignation.
Atifete Jahjaga	When you scan the globe's hot spots, every civil war and massacre, every act of terror and every clash between states has its unique local circumstances.
Atifete Jahjaga	Democracy is a revelation, but it's complicated. There are elections to hold, politics to create, rights to assert, grievances to settle and institutions to build. To many, it's exhilarating. For others, it can be disappointing when it turns out that democracy doesn't immediately make life better.
Atifete Jahjaga	The ideal of all Kosovo is membership in the E.U. and a permanent friendship with the United States. I believe and I am convinced our dreams will come true.
Atifete Jahjaga	We must remember that democracy works when given time to develop, mature and deliver. People must have access to information for informed debate. Government institutions must treat citizens fairly, and with dignity, while responding to their needs.
Atifete Jahjaga	We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction.
Atifete Jahjaga	The power of women in the politics is a soft power. It is a positive change that our country and other countries in the region... are making by giving a chance to women.
Atifete Jahjaga	I never thought that I could reach such a high political position. But I have always been ready to serve my country.
Atom Egoyan	You can talk about Holocaust denial, but it's really marginal for the most part. What is compelling about the Armenian genocide, is how it has been forgotten.
Atom Egoyan	My parents taught me to believe that through the creative act, we're able to transcend and give a response to desecration.
Atom Egoyan	There is a certain moment in the film when the son is in the nursing home and he goes to the television and turns it off because he sees himself in the image.
Atom Egoyan	The father's greatest folly is that he believes he can be a much more simple person than he is; he is not really able to deal with his own complexity as a human being.
Atom Egoyan	I suppose I had these concerns but I really felt that I had to keep my scope very, very concentrated.
Atom Egoyan	It is about this very abstract sense of displacement that he feels the moment he turns off the television.
Atom Egoyan	The whole film is about people being convinced that they can reduce themselves to their archetypes.
Atom Egoyan	These are very subtle things, of course, and I don't expect everyone to pick them up consciously, but I think that there is something there that you must be able to feel, there is an energy at work that I must trust my audience will be able to pick up at some level.
Atom Egoyan	Working on the themes I was interested in, through the context of a particular family, was a very economical way of dealing with a lot of the issues I was concerned with.
Atom Egoyan	I think ultimately if you have a very high expectation of your audience and you know exactly what it is you're trying to express through the medium of film, there will always be an audience for you.
Atom Egoyan	I have always felt that this story is universal. When I began to understand the details of the history, I felt that the most compelling aspect was not what happened, but what continues to happen and how it is denied.
Atom Egoyan	I've just been very, very lucky with the film having been introduced in the right way.
Atom Egoyan	When I was planning Family Viewing, the Ontario Film Development Corporation came into existence.
Atom Egoyan	As a producer, I think one of the most important decisions you make is not necessarily the material you are working on but the production apparatus that you choose to develop the project with, and that determines what funding you go to, it determines many factors.
Atom Egoyan	I mean, if you are directing actors to do one thing and then directing them to do something else entirely because the one thing you wanted them to do may not work, then you are just shattering their confidence in the project.
Atom Egoyan	I think if you look at the themes that are presented in the film, some are inherently social, and I think that any film which deals with the family is dealing with the smallest social unit in our society - and in a sense it is a question of scope.
Atom Egoyan	I think the situation in Toronto is such that there are funding organizations which make it easy for a film to raise more money than it needs and very often that works against a film.
Atom Egoyan	I wanted to make sure that the environment of the shooting itself was not that controlled, and the way to go about that course was to work with as small a crew as possible.
Atom Egoyan	It is not as though the process of production holds any mystery for me, I know exactly what it involves and I know the predominant concern in shooting one of those things is production values - or as they would say, seeing it all up there on screen.
Atom Egoyan	It was very important that it be done in such a way that it be executed with complete conviction. If I had done it both ways, if I was trying to cover myself in case it didn't work, then it would have been to no purpose.
Atom Egoyan	Once we were in the studio, we realized we were getting certain effects through the shooting of the dramatic scenes on video, shooting off a screen and then getting wave patterns and stuff like that.
Atom Egoyan	Right now my career is totally schizophrenic, because when an American production like Hitchcock Presents asks to see my work I would never dream of showing them my independent films.
Atom Egoyan	That is where the irony of the film comes off, in terms of the language it employs - where he tries desperately to be a 'TV Dad,' to give advice and it's so pat it becomes ridiculous.
Atom Egoyan	That's a very odd notion because it involves seeing money up there on the screen - if something cost $5 million to make, they want to see that $5 million up there.
Atom Egoyan	The film camera's ability to physically move through space, not zoom through space - every time we have a video camera the movement is through zoom; every time we have a film camera it is a physical movement.
Audrey Hepburn	The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Audrey Hepburn	The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
Audrey Hepburn	Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Audrey Hepburn	I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
Audrey Hepburn	For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Audrey Hepburn	The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Audrey Hepburn	If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough.
Audrey Hepburn	I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
Audrey Hepburn	The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.
Audrey Hepburn	As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Audrey Hepburn	I believe in manicures. I believe in overdressing. I believe in primping at leisure and wearing lipstick. I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and... I believe in miracles.
Audrey Hepburn	Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
Audrey Hepburn	The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
Audrey Hepburn	I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Audrey Hepburn	I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Audrey Hepburn	Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Audrey Hepburn	Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
Audrey Hepburn	There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.
Audrey Hepburn	Paris is always a good idea.
Audrey Hepburn	I have to be alone very often. I'd be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment. That's how I refuel.
Audrey Hepburn	People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone.
Audrey Hepburn	I'm an introvert... I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky.
Audrey Hepburn	I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
Audrey Hepburn	Living is like tearing through a museum. Not until later do you really start absorbing what you saw, thinking about it, looking it up in a book, and remembering - because you can't take it in all at once.
Audrey Hepburn	When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over.
Austin Farrer	Christ does not save us by acting a parable of divine love; he acts the parable of divine love by saving us. That is the Christian faith.
Austin Farrer	Religion is more like response to a friend than it is like obedience to an expert.
Ava Gardner	Because I was promoted as a sort of a siren and played all those sexy broads, people made the mistake of thinking I was like that off the screen. They couldn't have been more wrong.
Ava Gardner	I don't understand people who like to work and talk about it like it was some sort of goddamn duty. Doing nothing feels like floating on warm water to me. Delightful, perfect.
Ava Gardner	I think the main reason my marriages failed is that I always loved too well but never wisely.
Ava Gardner	Deep down, I'm pretty superficial.
Ava Gardner	I suffered, I really suffered, with all three of my husbands. And I tried damn hard with all three, starting each marriage certain that it was going to last until the end of my life. Yet none of them lasted more than a year or two.
Ava Gardner	I have only one rule in acting - trust the director and give him heart and soul.
Ava Gardner	What's the point? My face, shall we say, looks lived in.
Ayn Rand	A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand	Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
Ayn Rand	Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
Ayn Rand	Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
Ayn Rand	Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).
Ayn Rand	To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
Ayn Rand	So you think that money is the root of all evil. Have you ever asked what is the root of all money?
Ayn Rand	We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
Ayn Rand	Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Ayn Rand	The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Ayn Rand	People create their own questions because they are afraid to look straight. All you have to do is look straight and see the road, and when you see it, don't sit looking at it - walk.
Ayn Rand	Force and mind are opposites; morality ends where a gun begins.
Ayn Rand	The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
Ayn Rand	If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.
Ayn Rand	Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off.
Ayn Rand	The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand	Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
Ayn Rand	The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see.
Ayn Rand	Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Ayn Rand	Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.
Ayn Rand	From the smallest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and everything we have comes from one attribute of man - the function of his reasoning mind.
Ayn Rand	I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Ayn Rand	There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil.
Ayn Rand	Reason is not automatic. Those who deny it cannot be conquered by it. Do not count on them. Leave them alone.
Ayn Rand	The purpose of morality is to teach you, not to suffer and die, but to enjoy yourself and live.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes. I think I'd throw myself into whatever I'm doing now. It's not about abandoning what I was doing before, or giving up. It's about knowing that if I die tomorrow, I lived the way I wanted to.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I don't have dreams. How can I say it? I myself am a dream.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I don't think you should meet the people you most admire. I don't want reality to interfere with my image.
Ayumi Hamasaki	If I write when I'm low, it will be a dark song, but I don't care. I want to be honest with myself at all times.
Ayumi Hamasaki	Of course, my motto is still, 'Work is work, private is private.'
Ayumi Hamasaki	I have trouble voicing my thoughts... I can't communicate very well that way.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I don't set goals. Like, that's what I want to be doing however many years from now. I do what I love to do at the moment. If I wake up tomorrow and decide I want to dance, that's what I'd do. Or design clothes.
Ayumi Hamasaki	It's hard to decide how to match words to music. It's not like it's twice the work. It's always difficult for me to explain to the composer what I'm looking for. I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams.
Ayumi Hamasaki	It is necessary that I am viewed as a product. I am a product.
Ayumi Hamasaki	The way I work, typically, I do everything at the very last minute. Even if I was given two months, I'd do it in the last three days.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I'd heard a lot of Asian people were rooting for me, but I had no idea. I was stunned. They were... impassioned, especially compared to Japan. I couldn't even have anticipated that kind of welcome.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I always like whatever I did most recently. It's the closest to who I am at the moment.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I understand it's my role to realize people's dreams. I'm O.K. with that so long as my songs are my own. No one can take my songs away from me.
Ayumi Hamasaki	If there are rules and regulations, I can't help it, I want to break them.
Ayumi Hamasaki	It sounds odd coming from me, but I realize what I say and how I look has a great impact.
Ayumi Hamasaki	The way I work, typically, I do everything at the very last minute.
Ayumi Hamasaki	In the beginning, I was searching for myself in my music. My music was for me. I didn't have the mental room to be conscious of the listener; I wrote to save myself.
Ayumi Hamasaki	I read and watch movies. I can't go to the movie theater much anymore, though, because I get recognized. It's worse sometimes if I wear a costume and try not to get recognized. I watch most of my films on airplanes.
Babe Ruth	The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
Babe Ruth	Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Babe Ruth	Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Babe Ruth	Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Babe Ruth	You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Babe Ruth	Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
Babe Ruth	Never let the fear of striking out get in your way.
Babe Ruth	I learned early to drink beer, wine and whiskey. And I think I was about 5 when I first chewed tobacco.
Babe Ruth	Let me show you how it's done... Loser!
Babe Ruth	Reading isn't good for a ballplayer. Not good for his eyes. If my eyes went bad even a little bit I couldn't hit home runs. So I gave up reading.
Babe Ruth	I had only one superstition. I made sure to touch all the bases when I hit a home run.
Babe Ruth	I won't be happy until we have every boy in America between the ages of six and sixteen wearing a glove and swinging a bat.
Babe Ruth	As soon as I got out there I felt a strange relationship with the pitcher's mound. It was as if I'd been born out there. Pitching just felt like the most natural thing in the world. Striking out batters was easy.
Babe Ruth	Gee, its lonesome in the outfield. It's hard to keep awake with nothing to do.
Babe Ruth	Don't ever forget two things I'm going to tell you. One, don't believe everything that's written about you. Two, don't pick up too many checks.
Babe Ruth	How about a little noise. How do you expect a man to putt?
Babe Ruth	All I can tell them is pick a good one and sock it. I get back to the dugout and they ask me what it was I hit and I tell them I don't know except it looked good.
Babe Ruth	Who is richer? The man who is seen, but cannot see? Or the man who is not being seen, but can see?
Babe Ruth	If it wasn't for baseball, I'd be in either the penitentiary or the cemetery.
Babe Ruth	If I'd just tried for them dinky singles I could've batted around .600.
Babe Ruth	I didn't mean to hit the umpire with the dirt, but I did mean to hit that bastard in the stands.
Babe Ruth	Cobb is a prick. But he sure can hit. God Almighty, that man can hit.
Babe Ruth	All ballplayers should quit when it starts to feel as if all the baselines run uphill.
Babe Ruth	Baseball changes through the years. It gets milder.
Babe Ruth	Paris ain't much of a town.
Bailee Madison	I want to be the coolest aunt in the entire world.
Bailee Madison	God has just given me such an amazing journey and able to play; it's been so much fun. I'm having a blast!
Bailee Madison	One of my favorite traditions is that my sisters and I, we all wear the same pajamas. I've even still got some from when I was 6. Also, I'll always remember cooking together in the kitchen and that no matter how busy our schedules are, we are all together for Christmas.
Bailee Madison	There is a reason for everything.
Bailee Madison	I'm very, very blessed.
Bailee Madison	What do I love about acting? I love traveling, meeting new people, exploring and just doing what I love.
Bailee Madison	I honestly don't even know how I got into acting. It happened so quickly because my mom and sister used to do commercials, and apparently when I was little I would unbuckle myself from the stroller and crash their auditions.
Bailee Madison	Something my mom and I have always said to each other is: 'We're not here for interviews. We're not here to get your picture taken. We're here to make a difference, and this is our opportunity to.'
Bailee Madison	Work is so much fun that it doesn't really seem like downtime when I'm not. But cooking, spending time with my family, friends and dog are what I'm usually doing when I'm not working on something.
Bailee Madison	I did 'Bridge to Terabithia' when I was around 6 years old, but for my first movie, I was 5.
Bailee Madison	My mom really inspired me. She has always taught me it's not about us, it's about what we can give back.
Bailee Madison	I love South Florida; this is where I am from, so I don't think there is anything more rewarding than knowing that where you grew up is standing behind you and supporting you.
Bailee Madison	I'm originally from Fort Lauderdale: that's my home town in Florida. So when I'm on location, I just get the packets from schools in Florida. And when I go to Florida, I go to Christ Church School.
Bailee Madison	I would love to have the honor to get to work with Meryl Streep. I love her and I love her work.
Bailee Madison	I'd like to follow in the footsteps along like Jodie Foster and Natalie Portman, who got their education.
Bailee Madison	Katie Holmes is really amazing.
Bailee Madison	When you have a movie, you know who they start out as and where they go. But this is constantly changing, and you're growing with the character.
Bailee Madison	My mom got me into some commercials, and I basically, I guess, just got out of my shell I was in at the time because I can't remember. I've just been blessed ever since.
Baltasar Garzon	All I've done is my job, and I intend to continue doing it. And I'm not especially worried about the criticism that comes from the bench.
Baltasar Garzon	The state of law is equal for all people. It cannot depend on electoral politics.
Baltasar Gracian	True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Baltasar Gracian	Respect yourself if you would have others respect you.
Baltasar Gracian	A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity.
Baltasar Gracian	Know or listen to those who know.
Baltasar Gracian	A beautiful woman should break her mirror early.
Baltasar Gracian	At twenty a man is a peacock, at thirty a lion, at forty a camel, at fifty a serpent, at sixty a dog, at seventy an ape, at eighty a nothing at all.
Baltasar Gracian	The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Baltasar Gracian	Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Baltasar Gracian	We often have to put up with most from those on whom we most depend.
Baltasar Gracian	Don't show off every day, or you'll stop surprising people. There must always be some novelty left over. The person who displays a little more of it each day keeps up expectations, and no one ever discovers the limits of his talent.
Baltasar Gracian	Fortunate people often have very favorable beginnings and very tragic endings. What matters isn't being applauded when you arrive - for that is common - but being missed when you leave.
Baltasar Gracian	Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
Baltasar Gracian	A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Baltasar Gracian	Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness.
Baltasar Gracian	Never contend with a man who has nothing to lose.
Baltasar Gracian	Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.
Baltasar Gracian	Never have a companion that casts you in the shade.
Baltasar Gracian	The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause.
Baltasar Gracian	Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Baltasar Gracian	Better mad with the rest of the world than wise alone.
Baltasar Gracian	A man of honour should never forget what he is because he sees what others are.
Baltasar Gracian	Aspire rather to be a hero than merely appear one.
Baltasar Gracian	A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice; a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
Baltasar Gracian	It is a great piece of skill to know how to guide your luck even while waiting for it.
Baltasar Gracian	It is good to vary in order that you may frustrate the curious, especially those who envy you.
Balthus	One must always draw, draw with the eyes, when one cannot draw with a pencil.
Balthus	Painting is the passage from the chaos of the emotions to the order of the possible.
Balthus	Painting is a language which cannot be replaced by another language. I don't know what to say about what I paint, really.
Balthus	Painting what I experience, translating what I feel, is like a great liberation. But it is also work, self-examination, consciousness, criticism, struggle.
Balthus	I always feel the desire to look for the extraordinary in ordinary things; to suggest, not to impose, to leave always a slight touch of mystery in my paintings.
Balthus	Painting is a source of endless pleasure, but also of great anguish.
Balthus	I will always find even the worst paintings that attempt some kind of representation better than the best invented paintings.
Balthus	The best way to begin is to say: Balthus is a painter of whom nothing is known. And now let us have a look at his paintings.
Balthus	The craft of painting has virtually disappeared. There is hardly anyone left who really possesses it. For evidence one has only to look at the painters of this century.
Balthus	I refuse to confide and don't like it when people write about art.
Bao Dai	As for us, during twenty years' reign, we have known much bitterness.
Bao Dai	I would prefer to be a citizen of an independent country rather than Emperor of an enslaved one.
Bao Dai	In this decisive hour of our national history, union means life and division means death.
Bao Dai	The time has come to put an end to the fratricidal war and to recover at last peace and accord.
Bao Dai	Henceforth, we shall be happy to be a free citizen in an independent country.
Bao Dai	I do not wish a foreign army to spill the blood of my people.
Bao Dai	If your government had given me a thousandth of the sum it spent to depose me, I could have won that war.
Barack Obama	Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Barack Obama	I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. I am not in favor of gay marriage. But when you start playing around with constitutions, just to prohibit somebody who cares about another person, it just seems to me that's not what America's about. Usually, our constitutions expand liberties, they don't contract them.
Barack Obama	If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
Barack Obama	We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential.
Barack Obama	We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.
Barack Obama	The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
Barack Obama	I think what you're seeing is a profound recognition on the part of the American people that gays and lesbians and transgender persons are our brothers, our sisters, our children, our cousins, our friends, our co-workers, and that they've got to be treated like every other American. And I think that principle will win out.
Barack Obama	If the people cannot trust their government to do the job for which it exists - to protect them and to promote their common welfare - all else is lost.
Barack Obama	It was the labor movement that helped secure so much of what we take for granted today. The 40-hour work week, the minimum wage, family leave, health insurance, Social Security, Medicare, retirement plans. The cornerstones of the middle-class security all bear the union label.
Barack Obama	On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.
Barack Obama	America and Islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles of justice and progress, tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
Barack Obama	Why can't I just eat my waffle?
Barack Obama	There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.
Barack Obama	We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools. We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible.
Barack Obama	I'm no longer just a candidate. I'm the President. I know what it means to send young Americans into battle, for I have held in my arms the mothers and fathers of those who didn't return. I've shared the pain of families who've lost their homes, and the frustration of workers who've lost their jobs.
Barack Obama	Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
Barack Obama	I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
Barack Obama	Four years ago, I promised to end the war in Iraq. We did. I promised to refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11. We have. We've blunted the Taliban's momentum in Afghanistan, and in 2014, our longest war will be over. A new tower rises above the New York skyline, al Qaeda is on the path to defeat, and Osama bin Laden is dead.
Barack Obama	That's the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want.
Barack Obama	Tonight, we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation - not because of the height of our skyscrapers, or the power of our military, or the size of our economy. Our pride is based on a very simple premise, summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago.
Barack Obama	With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.
Barack Obama	We want everybody to act like adults, quit playing games, realize that it's not just my way or the highway.
Barack Obama	We didn't become the most prosperous country in the world just by rewarding greed and recklessness. We didn't come this far by letting the special interests run wild. We didn't do it just by gambling and chasing paper profits on Wall Street. We built this country by making things, by producing goods we could sell.
Barack Obama	When we think of the major threats to our national security, the first to come to mind are nuclear proliferation, rogue states and global terrorism. But another kind of threat lurks beyond our shores, one from nature, not humans - an avian flu pandemic.
Barack Obama	In a world of complex threats, our security and leadership depends on all elements of our power - including strong and principled diplomacy.
Barbara de Angelis	Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Barbara de Angelis	The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife.
Barbara de Angelis	The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together.
Barbara de Angelis	You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
Barbara de Angelis	Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
Barbara de Angelis	Women need real moments of solitude and self-reflection to balance out how much of ourselves we give away.
Barbara de Angelis	Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
Barbara de Angelis	The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Barbara de Angelis	Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.
Barbara de Angelis	In order to experience everyday spirituality, we need to remember that we are spiritual beings spending some time in a human body.
Barbara de Angelis	Difficult times always create opportunities for you to experience more love in your life.
Barbara de Angelis	We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Barbara de Angelis	No matter what age you are, or what your circumstances might be, you are special, and you still have something unique to offer. Your life, because of who you are, has meaning.
Barbara de Angelis	What allows us, as human beings, to psychologically survive life on earth, with all of its pain, drama, and challenges, is a sense of purpose and meaning.
Barbara de Angelis	No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Barbara de Angelis	The moment in between what you once were, and who you are now becoming, is where the dance of life really takes place.
Barbara de Angelis	Only when your consciousness is totally focused on the moment you are in can you receive whatever gift, lesson, or delight that moment has to offer.
Barbara de Angelis	If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself.
Barbara de Angelis	A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.
Barbara de Angelis	When you make a commitment to a relationship, you invest your attention and energy in it more profoundly because you now experience ownership of that relationship.
Barbara de Angelis	Love is a choice you make from moment to moment.
Barbara de Angelis	I just want to get a Ph.D. in love.
Barbara de Angelis	Men are just as sensitive, and in some ways more sensitive, than women are.
Barbara de Angelis	Men aren't the way they are because they want to drive women crazy; they've been trained to be that way for thousands of years. And that training makes it very difficult for men to be intimate.
Barbara Eden	I didn't know I was compared to Elizabeth Montgomery, but I think that I'm in very good company with her.
Barbara Eden	Out of all the actors I have worked with, I love working with Larry Hagman the most. We were very close and it was just a wonderful time.
Barbara Ehrenreich	The Civil Rights Movement, it wasn't just a couple of, you know, superstars like Martin Luther King. It was thousands and thousands - millions, I should say - of people taking risks, becoming leaders in their community.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Employers have gone away from the idea that an employee is a long-term asset to the company, someone to be nurtured and developed, to a new notion that they are disposable.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Take motherhood: nobody ever thought of putting it on a moral pedestal until some brash feminists pointed out, about a century ago, that the pay is lousy and the career ladder nonexistent.
Barbara Ehrenreich	At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.
Barbara Ehrenreich	No matter that patriotism is too often the refuge of scoundrels. Dissent, rebellion, and all-around hell-raising remain the true duty of patriots.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Well I do think there are people who are habitually negative and depressed and take the opposite approach because they imagine the worst, and their minds become dominated by that. They let their own emotions and expectations transform their perceptions of the world.
Barbara Ehrenreich	We who officially value freedom of speech above life itself seem to have nothing to talk about but the weather.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Natural selection, as it has operated in human history, favors not only the clever but the murderous.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Of all the nasty outcomes predicted for women's liberation... none was more alarming, from a feminist point of view, than the suggestion that women would eventually become just like men.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Individually the poor are not too tempting to thieves, for obvious reasons. Mug a banker and you might score a wallet containing a month's rent. Mug a janitor and you will be lucky to get away with bus fare to flee the crime scene.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Well, the first thing that clued me in to the fact that there was something really scary about breast cancer, way beyond the thought of dying, was coming across an ad in the newspaper for pink breast cancer teddy bears. I am not that afraid of dying, but I am terrified of dying with a pink teddy bear under my arm.
Barbara Ehrenreich	We love television because television brings us a world in which television does not exist.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Personally, I can't see why it would be any less romantic to find a husband in a nice four-color catalogue than in the average downtown bar at happy hour.
Barbara Ehrenreich	I haven't read enough of the Bible. You know, I'm saving the Bible for if I ever get imprisoned, and the only reading material was the Bible.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Yes. I think the anti-Wal-Mart is Costco, which pays much better and has much better health benefits and which is profitable and offers low prices.
Barbara Ehrenreich	Someone has to stand up for wimps.
Barbara Ehrenreich	That's the really neat thing about Dan Quayle, as you must have realized from the first moment you looked into those lovely blue eyes: impeachment insurance.
Barbara Ehrenreich	There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it?
Barbara Ehrenreich	Lenders, including major credit companies as well as payday lenders, have taken over the traditional role of the street-corner loan shark, charging the poor insanely high rates of interest.
Barbara Ehrenreich	The secret of the truly successful, I believe, is that they learned very early in life how not to be busy. They saw through that adage, repeated to me so often in childhood, that anything worth doing is worth doing well.
Barbara Ehrenreich	A research group found that 56 percent of major companies surveyed in the late '80s agreed that 'employees who are loyal to the company and further its business goals deserve an assurance of continued employment.' A decade later, only 6 percent agreed. It was in the '90s that companies started weeding people out as a form of cost reduction.
Barbara Ehrenreich	For a long time on Earth humans didn't worship good gods; that's a new idea. The ancient Greek gods, the Hindu gods, are fairly amoral, most of them. We get stuck when we insist that God be both good and all-powerful.
Barbara Ehrenreich	I know that the last thing a book wants is to just sit around unread, serving as an element of interior decorating. So when I have people over, all they have to do is glance at my books, and I implore them to take a few home with them. If I am really ambitious, I pack books into boxes and donate them to prisons.
Barbara Ehrenreich	I've spent so many years talking about poverty and economic justice, I'm strongly tempted to get biblical. Jesus' teachings are so radical; they're just insanely generous and apocalyptic. Christians become more fascinated by the dead Jesus. They don't like the living Jesus.
Barbara Ehrenreich	In fact, there is clear evidence of black intellectual superiority: in 1984, 92 percent of blacks voted to retire Ronald Reagan, compared to only 36 percent of whites.
Barbara Feldon	I'm not saying that there's anything better than mated bliss at its best, but I'm saying that living alone is as good in its own way. But we haven't quite given ourselves permission to recognize that.
Barbara Feldon	I've always supported myself. I like the sense of knowing exactly where I stand financially, but there is a side of me that longs for a knight in shining armor.
Barbara Feldon	I'd like to meet a lovely man who shares my interests. On the other hand, I possibly will not. It's part of the hand you're dealt. It's a challenge-and I'm not atypical.
Barkhad Abdi	I used to play football all the time. In the U.S., people don't play football, so I had to learn basketball. Looking back, that's what I like about my life - doing new things, having a new perspective.
Barkhad Abdi	I like 'The Usual Suspects'. Great film. I also like 'Scarface', films like that. Lots of gangster films. I really like watching all kinds of films, dramas, romance. I'll watch comedies. I like Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Denzel Washington, Chris Rock, Dave Chappelle. I'd like to meet them.
Barkhad Abdi	When I was leaving Yemen to come to America, things were tough. My dad had just been laid off, and it was a challenge. When I lived in Yemen, I thought America was a perfect place. Everything was bigger and better. I dreamed big. The American dream, you know? You have to work hard for your dream to come true.
Barkhad Abdi	I don't see myself only as a Somali character. I think of myself as an actor, and if the job fits me and I like the story, I will go for it.
Barkhad Abdi	I just want to keep acting and better my craft and see how far it goes.
Barkhad Abdi	I left Somalia when I was seven years old, but I witnessed a whole year in a war.
Barkhad Abdi	I was lucky enough to have parents that took me out from country to country and go to school and learn how to be a better person.
Barkhad Abdi	I would DJ pool parties in Minneapolis, but I never swam there!
Barkhad Abdi	It is weird. A lot of people try to ask me political questions. I'm not a politician.
Barkhad Abdi	When you work with a great director, you realise you are far from being a director.
Barkhad Abdi	I was never interested in becoming an actor. I was directing videos. I was never into acting. I was into shooting music videos. I've only ever been behind the camera. Never in front of it.
Barkhad Abdi	What I believe will make my acting career successful going forward is hard work. I like to challenge myself. Then it's the people I meet and choosing the projects I want to work on correctly. There's a lot of characters I can play.
Barry Eichengreen	The 24% unemployment reached at the depths of the Great Depression was no picnic.
Barry Eichengreen	The consequences of a collapse would not be pretty. Whichever country precipitated it - Germany by threatening to abandon the euro, or Greece or Spain by actually doing so - would trigger economic chaos and incur its neighbours' wrath.
Barry Eichengreen	This crisis of long-term unemployment is having a profoundly damaging impact on the lives of those bearing the brunt of it. We know this thanks to a series of careful studies of the problem conducted in the depths of the 1930s Great Depression.
Barry Eichengreen	As for the single market, the E.U.'s landmark achievement, there is no question that a euro zone breakup would severely disrupt its operation in the short run.
Barry Eichengreen	Across the continent, political divisions are deepening. For all of these reasons, the specter of a euro zone collapse has not been dispatched.
Barry Eichengreen	Every day it seems more likely that we are destined - or should one say doomed? - to replay the disastrous economic history of the 1930s.
Barry Eichengreen	Why was there so much work-sharing in the 1930s? One reason is that government pushed for it. In his memoirs, President Herbert Hoover estimated that as many as two million workers avoided unemployment as a result of his efforts to promote work-sharing.
Barry Eichengreen	For those unfortunate enough to experience it, long-term unemployment - now, as in the 1930s - is a tragedy. And, for society as a whole, there is the danger that the productive capacity of a significant portion of the labour force will be impaired.
Barry Eichengreen	Political union means transferring the prerogatives of national legislatures to the European parliament, which would then decide how to structure Europe's fiscal, banking, and monetary union.
Barry Eichengreen	Southern Europe has not done enough to enhance its competitiveness, while northern Europe has not done enough to boost demand. Debt burdens remain crushing, and Europe's economy remains unable to grow.
Barry Eichengreen	The 1992 crisis proved that the existing system was unstable. Not moving forward to the euro would have set up Europe for even more disruptive crises.
Barry Eisler	The two most important things to do for self-defense are not to take a martial arts class or get a gun, but to think like the opposition and know where you're most at risk.
Barry Eisler	Psychologically, it's always more pleasurable to blame others for our problems than it is to acknowledge our own responsibility.
Barry Eisler	The difference between being a victim and a survivor is often a low level of situational awareness. You can't be a super-spy, watchful and paranoid every day. But I am more watchful than the average American.
Barry Eisler	Anger, and the self-righteousness that is both the cause and consequence of anger, tends to be easier on the psyche than personal responsibility.
Barry Eisler	From the outside, the CIA seems pretty exotic, but from the inside, it's a big, bureaucratic place. Think 'post office with spies.'
Barry Eisler	I love Japan, and Tokyo is my favorite city.
Barry Eisler	Stephen King has inspired me with his humor and honesty, and his admonition that the author's job is to tell the truth.
Barry Eisler	The Internet is a limitless library at your fingertips. It's a great place to start with the acquisition of knowledge. My process is to go to a place when I'm writing about it. Nothing captures the essence, feeling and flavor of a place better than when I'm actually there and doing the writing.
Barry Eisler	Books are my art. The movie is someone else's art. But it's great marketing for books.
Barry Eisler	Publishing for me is a business, not an ideology.
Barry Eisler	The post office actually achieves its mission. I wish we could say the same of the CIA.
Barry Eisler	I can understand the allure of a venerable Big Six imprint, of a shot at the New York Times list, of a publisher-sponsored book tour, of seeing your hardbacks in bookstores and your paperbacks in supermarkets.
Barry Eisler	I'm not sure why I'm so drawn to heroes who do bad things and to villains who think they're the good guys, but I do find that moral ambiguity and conflict makes for great characters.
Barry Eisler	Publishing, legacy or indie, is a vehicle, and you can't opine about whether someone has chosen the right vehicle if you don't know where she intends to drive it.
Barry Eisler	The fundamental difficulty that most novelists face when they are trying to adapt their own book into a screenplay is realizing that a screenplay is a completely different way of storytelling, and it has limitations.
Barry Eisler	The most important guideline when it comes to argument is the golden rule. If someone were addressing your point, what tone, what overall approach would you find persuasive and want her to use? Whatever that is, do it yourself.
Barry Eisler	When I was in college, I became interested in various aspects of foreign policy and international relations. Even as a kid, I was interested in what I call, loosely speaking, forbidden knowledge.
Barry Eisler	A heart beset by coronary disease will begin to recruit secondary arteries to carry oxygenated blood.
Barry Eisler	After I sold my screenplay adaptation of 'Rain Fall' to Sony Pictures, I had no more creative involvement.
Barry Eisler	At the national level, I don't know how to describe a threat to destroy Country A in order to punish Country B other than to call it state terrorism.
Barry Eisler	Good argument is intended to persuade another.
Barry Eisler	I love Jet Li, but he looks very Chinese, and his English is Chinese-accented. He wouldn't have been the right guy to play a Japanese-American.
Barry Eisler	I read pretty eclectically - fiction, non-fiction, and poetry - and I've been inspired and influenced by a number of writers.
Barry Eisler	I've loved thrillers and spy stories since I was a kid. It's probably not a bad rule of thumb to write the kinds of stories you love to read.
Barry Eisler	If the reader cares, I don't think it matters so much whether your hero is in fact an anti-hero.
Beatrice Dalle	But I've always attracted attention, it's true, ever since I was very young.
Beatrice Dalle	I do not consider myself beautiful.
Beatrice Dalle	I didn't see my character, Core, as a cannibal but as somebody who is extremely passionate and who doesn't have any conscience. She takes her passion to its complete extreme.
Beatrice Dalle	I didn't so much choose the film as director Claire Denis chose me.
Beatrice Dalle	I've never read a screenplay in advance. You trust the artist.
Beatrice Dalle	There are no rebels in the cinema business.
Beatrice Dalle	I don't act in the way other actresses act, in terms of building or creating a character. I don't transform myself into the role, I invest myself in the role.
Beatrice Dalle	I knew her work very well and I knew that if she offered me a role in her movie, it wouldn't be something stupid. So I agreed to do the film before I read the script.
Beatrice Dalle	There was a strange atmosphere on the set because we were filming in this large house, which was used for troubled children. You'd go in and find walls had been burnt down. The building was charged with this history and it stayed with us throughout the filming.
Beau Garrett	I lived in Paris for six months when I was sixteen. It was a fend-for-yourself environment.
Beau Garrett	Acting is an uncomfortable business because you have to make yourself vulnerable.
Beau Garrett	I was a model for eight years. That's the deal: People look. But I didn't like being looked at and never seen.
Beau Garrett	I'm such an advocate for animal rights and environmental rights.
Bebe Moore Campbell	Race, redemption and healing - that's my thing.
Bebe Moore Campbell	I have to entertain, because if I don't entertain you, you're not going to continue reading. But if I'm not out to enlighten, or change your mind about something, or change your behavior, then I really don't want to take the journey.
Bebe Moore Campbell	African-Americans know about racism, but I don't think we really know the causes. I decided it's first of all a family problem.
Bebe Moore Campbell	To me, there's no point in writing merely to entertain.
Bebe Moore Campbell	I would get up at 3 in the morning and write. Or sometimes I would write at midnight. Or I would write when my child napped. It wasn't a burden. I was so enthused about what I was doing at the time that I really didn't mind.
Bebe Moore Campbell	I had an agent who spent eight years - eight years! - trying to sell my stories. She sold other people's work; she just didn't sell mine.
Bella Abzug	I prefer the word 'homemaker' because 'housewife' always implies that there may be a wife someplace else.
Bella Abzug	I began wearing hats as a young lawyer because it helped me to establish my professional identity. Before that, whenever I was at a meeting, someone would ask me to get coffee.
Bella Abzug	We are coming down from our pedestal and up from the laundry room.
Bella Abzug	The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
Bella Abzug	The establishment is made up of little men, very frightened.
Bella Abzug	All of the men on my staff can type.
Bella Thorne	Everyone suffers some injustice in life, and what better motivation than to help others not suffer in the same way.
Bella Thorne	Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!
Bella Thorne	I have suffered from bullying in many ways, from bullying in school due to my disability in reading, to digital abuse that I deal with on a daily basis. I'd like to tell the kids that are being bullied that no one should have to deal with the abuse, ever!
Bella Thorne	I'd like to help other kids with dyslexia, because I'm dyslexic. It was very hard, and I know that what I went through, other kids are going through.
Bella Thorne	My dad would call me his Cuban princess because I had really dark olive skin because I was always in the sun; but I don't really go in the sun anymore, so that is why I am so white.
Bella Thorne	I think that since it's prom, you should definitely wear a long dress. You can wear a short one anytime! This is the moment when you get to be a princess, and for me, that means a sweetheart neckline, long, then pouf - out and big.
Bella Thorne	I don't have to try to be perfect because I know that my fans like me for who I am. They like me because I am weird and kind of funky, but still really calm.
Bella Thorne	I think the best advice came from Drew Barrymore, about always finding love in everything you do and keeping a positive attitude and being thankful.
Bella Thorne	My dream artist to play at prom would be Frank Ocean. 'Thinking Of You' is one of my favorite songs. He makes really sweet music for slow dancing at prom.
Bella Thorne	Dancing inspires my music. Having your girlfriends all together and just being free and happy.
Bella Thorne	My makeup artist, Tonya Brewer, taught me the importance of moisturizing daily. Hydration is a must if you want pretty, dewy skin - which I love.
Bella Thorne	My secret is one the world needs to know - nearly a billion people a year die from unsafe drinking water.
Bella Thorne	Acting isn't a side thing - you have to live and breathe it.
Bella Thorne	I know that some girls look up to me for certain things, like dyslexia, and that way I know that they like me for me, so it adds no pressure.
Bella Thorne	My family was absolutely supportive. I did have a fear of cold reads because of my dyslexia, but my family's support and reading classes really helped me overcome my fear!
Bella Thorne	You always just have to be the best that you can be. And if you know that in your heart, then that's all that matters.
Bella Thorne	Music is a big part of my life. I listen to different genres, and I choose the music that will inspire the next part of my story.
Bella Thorne	I do have many of the same friends I grew up with. Most I've known since we were three or four years old! I have made new friends as well.
Bella Thorne	I don't think people realize how much work it takes to make an album.
Bella Thorne	I don't want to be that girl who has that same style all the time where the music always sounds exactly the same, and you always know it's her.
Bella Thorne	I love Michael Kors! I also love Miu Miu shoes - they're fabulous, I have so many pairs.
Bella Thorne	I love pointy nails! A cute way to add a pop of color to your nails is to make a V-shape at the ends of them in a pastel color.
Bella Thorne	I think that everybody needs somebody to really look up to and know that even though you're going through a tough time, you'll get over it.
Bella Thorne	I want people to look at my films and say 'Wow, she's a good actress', and I know I'll have to work hard for that.
Bella Thorne	My big break was becoming the spokesperson for Texas Instruments. Casting directors really started giving me a chance to read for projects.
Ben Affleck	I went to the University of Vermont because I had a kind of unrequited love for this high school girlfriend. She wasn't even at the University but at another school nearby. But I thought if went to a school near her, just maybe... I was really remedial about girls in so many ways.
Ben Affleck	Narcissism is the part of my personality that I am the least proud of, and I certainly don't like to see it highlighted in everybody else I meet.
Ben Affleck	I'm human, just like anybody else.
Ben Affleck	God help me if I ever do another movie with an explosion in it. If you see me in a movie where stuff is exploding you'll know I've lost all my money.
Ben Affleck	Everyone's entitled to express their political beliefs. I don't presume to tell anybody who to vote for. I am comfortable telling people what my opinions are.
Ben Affleck	The first thing that I really understood politically and was old enough to get was the failed assassination attempt on Reagan.
Ben Affleck	I hate the whole reluctant sex-symbol thing. It's such bull. You see these dudes greased up, in their underwear, talking about how they don't want to be a sex symbol.
Ben Affleck	I'm not the type of guy who enjoys one-night stands. It leaves me feeling very empty and cynical. It's not even fun sexually. I need to feel something for the woman and entertain the vain hope that it may lead to a relationship.
Ben Affleck	All I do, really, is go to work and try to be professional, be on time and be prepared.
Ben Affleck	I find forgiveness to be really healthy.
Ben Affleck	There's something really great and romantic about being poor and sleeping on couches.
Ben Affleck	I'm always described as 'cocksure' or 'with a swagger,' and that bears no resemblance to who I feel like inside. I feel plagued by insecurity.
Ben Affleck	Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.
Ben Affleck	My mother taught public school, went to Harvard and then got her master's there and taught fifth and sixth grade in a public school. My dad had a more working-class lifestyle. He didn't go to college. He was an auto mechanic and a bartender and a janitor at Harvard.
Ben Affleck	I've never held myself up particularly high when I had movies that worked, and I never held myself all that low when I had failures.
Ben Affleck	I just feel like sometimes I'm a force to be dealt with. My talents are sometimes overused and also sometimes underused. It's not easy being me.
Ben Affleck	I've finally learnt how to say, 'No comment'. To appear in the tabloids is a real learning curve and a steep one at that. You had better learn quick or you get burnt.
Ben Affleck	I have a good relationship with the world. But I don't know what the trick is to maintaining it.
Ben Affleck	My father has positional vertigo, and if he flies he gets really dizzy, so he has to drive out to California, which he does a couple times a year. We talk, but we e-mail mostly.
Ben Affleck	Not that it entirely matters: There is a perception that all actors make their movies. A lot of people assume you're responsible. George Clooney told me actors get all of the blame and all the credit.
Ben Affleck	Every single director-actor I talked to, from Warren Beatty to Clint Eastwood to George Clooney, said the biggest mistake they made is not shooting enough footage of themselves.
Ben Affleck	I like acting for myself as a director. I act and I know that I'll have a chance to have some say in what gets used and that I'll be able to give myself enough takes and be on the same page as myself about how the scene should play.
Ben Affleck	My mother gets all mad at me if I stay in a hotel. I'm 31-years-old, and I don't want to sleep on a sleeping bag down in the basement. It's humiliating.
Ben Affleck	A friend of my mom's was a casting director so, really as kind of a lark, I had a couple of acting jobs that had just enough exposure to give me the option to continue if I wanted to. I followed through with it.
Ben Affleck	I grew up in a house with a mother who was a teacher and a Freedom Rider - very left-wing Democrats living in a heterogeneous working-class neighborhood. I picked up a lot of those values there, and I brought them with me when I showed up in Hollywood.
Ben Daniels	The older I get, the more of a recluse I turn into. I love the social aspect of my work. It's like a commune and gets very intense and very sociable. Then when I am not working, I shut myself away, so I can see myself living up a mountain.
Ben Daniels	I saw David Lynch's 'The Elephant Man' when I was 15. I was completely bowled over. I found it so beautiful, strange and mesmerizing that I went back to the cinema every night for a week to see it.
Ben Daniels	I would never advise anyone to stay in the closet to further their careers - I'm sure it leads to big fat gay ulcers. There are actors I know who won't come out, and I can see it crippling them as human beings. It's a great shame that people can't be who they are in the 21st century, and people won't let them be who they are.
Ben Daniels	I don't think of myself as being troubled as a human being, but I guess I'm quite extreme, quite big and quite loud, and maybe people pick up on that when they cast me. I'm certainly not the quiet reflective type.
Ben Daniels	Theatre is where my passion lies - I just love it. I love watching it, and I love doing it.
Ben Daniels	I went to see 'Shine a Light,' and it was the most perfect thing I could have done to watch that man do what he does in front of an audience. It's primarily Mick Jagger, but they're all so confident and relaxed and in love with what they do, and aware of the power of what they do. It's just deeply, deeply attractive.
Ben Daniels	I'm a great candidate for why arts funding shouldn't be cut, because I had no experience other than what was at school, I'm from a working-class town, there were no theaters, and the cinema closed when I was a kid. Anything that gave me a voice or a way to express myself I went running headlong toward.
Ben Daniels	Series Two of 'The Paradise' is meaty and thoroughly entertaining... and yeah, you're in for a good thrill ride!
Ben Daniels	I'm a huge Emile Zola fan, and when Bill Gallagher said he was writing a new character for 'The Paradise' and had me in mind for the role, I knew I wanted to play Tom Weston before I'd even read a word of the script.
Ben Daniels	Lying about one's sexuality seems to be one of the ridiculous rules of what constitutes being a Hollywood movie star. Obviously, my own experience of working and continuing to work as an out gay actor is exactly that - working as an actor and not as a movie star. I don't think the two are the same.
Ben Edlund	I used to a play a role-playing game called Dungeons and Dragons, and that was about levels of experience; as you gained experience, you were able to deal with much greater and far more kind of global creatures.
Ben Edlund	On 'Supernatural,' you go to a location and another location, and every week they do amazing things up there. You have to kind of hit the ground running and really start to look to the core of the story you're trying to tell.
Ben Edlund	The big challenge for me is that my nature is more towards comedy, so I understand when a comedy thing is working; I know when I'm not bored in a comedy.
Ben Edwards	It simply is not cost affective to cover stories from independent sources.
Ben Edwards	Activists are generally doers - rather than watching television and thinking about the world they will put there energies into doing something 'active' to change the (political) situation.
Ben Edwards	The power and appeal of Documentary is the way it alters and plays with the way the viewer relates to and understands the subject.
Ben Edwards	Activism could be defined as activities engaged in by individuals to change there of others situation.
Ben Edwards	Inherently participatory in nature, Community Video focusing on using video to enable communities to communicate amongst themselves as well as with others.
Ben Edwards	An office occupation is another example as not only douse it disrupt the activities of the organization it also can raise the media profile of the campaign.
Ben Edwards	Due to the political nature of film, partisan film making, especially where the subject is close to the film makers hart, tend to be the norm, rather than the exception.
Ben Edwards	Indeed it can be argued that to make a powerful film you must care about the subject, therefore powerful films tend to be both political and partisan in nature.
Ben Edwards	The finished product is often of less importance than the skills and confidence gained through the process and the way in which the community is strengthened through people in it work and are brought together.
Ben Edwards	There is also an artistic element which is lead by the film maker. Issues of what is reality and objectivity are as always relevant as someone is going to edit the film.
Ben Edwards	This is indeed not only relevant to Documentary but is evident is most type of film making. The film often mirrors the experience, understanding and politics of the director.
Ben Edwards	While mainstream media is led by profit, ratings and popularist culture and filtered by the current political climate, Alternative Media is lead solely by the convictions of the campaign and film maker.
Ben Falcone	I'm not much of a joke writer.
Ben Falcone	It's in my wheelhouse to be creepy, as a person.
Ben Falcone	When I was a kid, we sat around the house. If I got bored, I'd have to figure out something to do.
Ben Falcone	The one thing I did know - because I've seen many, many of the road trip movies that everyone thinks about - is that death to a road trip movie happens when you spend too much time in the car.
Ben Feldman	Here's the thing about Jews in Hollywood. Not to stereotype, but the Jews I know here are the funniest, most self-deprecating people I know. And it's rare to find a Jew that is actually offended by comedy about them.
Ben Feldman	My aunt is a famous L.A. chef, Susan Feniger, and she's got Street and Border Grill. So a fun night out for me is to go to my aunt's restaurants.
Ben Feldman	I despise - I hate - I'm terrified of karaoke, and I wish I wasn't because everybody I know who's awesome loves it.
Ben Feldman	Anything that Aaron Sorkin writes, I could watch a million times. One of the few shows that I've watched in repeats was 'The West Wing.'
Ben Feldman	My father's Jewish, so my world is Jewish whenever I go home.
Ben Feldman	I would say what Mad Men has taught me has been a super elevated evaluation of text in general, and understanding subtext, and understanding where a character comes from - what he means by this or by that.
Ben Feldman	If you look at the history of advertising, most of them were Jews, so it was only a matter of time before 'Mad Men' explored that area of advertising.
Ben Feldman	Usually, if I'm yelling at the TV, I'm in a bar. If I'm by myself, and it's not a game, I often find myself scolding reality stars that can't hear me through the television set.
Ben Feldman	When you audition for shows in Hollywood, you go in, you do your scene, maybe you get an adjustment. It's sort of easy, and a lot of times it just feels sort of rote and simple. Whereas when you go to New York and you audition for plays, you walk out sweaty and intimidated and nervous and doubting yourself as an actor.
Ben Feldman	With 'Mad Men,' you feel like you're a member of Seal Team Six when you're shooting.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell	And it sends an important message to me, because I am sick to death to hear my opponent saying Republicans don't trust me. They do trust me, in landslide proportions, and they're proving it tonight. We're going to bury that for good.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell	Indians were here first - it's about time. We're way behind the African Americans and Hispanic Americans in getting politically involved, but we're beginning to take a page out of their notebook.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell	I voted for the Defense of Marriage Act but I do not believe we should institutionalize a form of discrimination against any minority by amending the Constitution.
Ben Nighthorse Campbell	The president, just as any other American, deserves a legal defense against personal lawsuits not related to his office. But the costs of that defense should be borne by him and not the taxpayer.
Benjamin Disraeli	Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Benjamin Disraeli	The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
Benjamin Disraeli	Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.
Benjamin Disraeli	Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke.
Benjamin Disraeli	One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Benjamin Disraeli	Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
Benjamin Disraeli	Never complain and never explain.
Benjamin Disraeli	A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Benjamin Disraeli	We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Benjamin Disraeli	Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
Benjamin Disraeli	Life is too short to be little. Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor.
Benjamin Disraeli	Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen.
Benjamin Disraeli	There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Benjamin Disraeli	Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Benjamin Disraeli	How much easier it is to be critical than to be correct.
Benjamin Disraeli	Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli	Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Benjamin Disraeli	Conservatism discards Prescription, shrinks from Principle, disavows Progress; having rejected all respect for antiquity, it offers no redress for the present, and makes no preparation for the future.
Benjamin Disraeli	There is no act of treachery or meanness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
Benjamin Disraeli	I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best.
Benjamin Disraeli	There can be economy only where there is efficiency.
Benjamin Disraeli	London is a roost for every bird.
Benjamin Disraeli	If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
Benjamin Disraeli	Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Benjamin Disraeli	You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.
Benjamin Franklin	By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Benjamin Franklin	Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Benjamin Franklin	Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
Benjamin Franklin	An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Benjamin Franklin	Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy.
Benjamin Franklin	Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.
Benjamin Franklin	It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.
Benjamin Franklin	They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Benjamin Franklin	Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Benjamin Franklin	Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out.
Benjamin Franklin	Lost time is never found again.
Benjamin Franklin	Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Benjamin Franklin	Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin	Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Benjamin Franklin	We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
Benjamin Franklin	Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one.
Benjamin Franklin	In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Benjamin Franklin	Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin	Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most fools do.
Benjamin Franklin	A penny saved is a penny earned.
Benjamin Franklin	The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
Benjamin Franklin	I am for doing good to the poor, but I differ in opinion about the means. I think the best way of doing good to the poor is not making them easy in poverty, but leading or driving them out of it.
Benjamin Franklin	Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.
Benjamin Franklin	Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.
Benjamin Franklin	A house is not a home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
Benjamin Franklin Fairless	What is the recipe for successful achievement? To my mind there are just four essential ingredients: Choose a career you love, give it the best there is in you, seize your opportunities, and be a member of the team.
Benjamin Franklin Fairless	What five members of the Supreme Court say the law is may be something vastly different from what Congress intended the law to be.
Berenice Abbott	Photography helps people to see.
Berenice Abbott	Photography can only represent the present. Once photographed, the subject becomes part of the past.
Berenice Abbott	I didn't decide to be a photographer; I just happened to fall into it.
Berenice Abbott	There are many teachers who could ruin you. Before you know it you could be a pale copy of this teacher or that teacher. You have to evolve on your own.
Berenice Abbott	The camera is no more an instrument of preservation, the image is.
Berenice Abbott	Photography can never grow up if it imitates some other medium. It has to walk alone; it has to be itself.
Berenice Abbott	Does not the very word 'creative' mean to build, to initiate, to give out, to act - rather than to be acted upon, to be subjective? Living photography is positive in its approach, it sings a song of life - not death.
Berenice Abbott	The challenge for me has first been to see things as they are, whether a portrait, a city street, or a bouncing ball. In a word, I have tried to be objective.
Berglind Icey	I like exotic guys who have a lot of sexual energy. I drive army tanks and I snowboard, so he has to keep up.
Berglind Icey	I've studied psychology. I'm fascinated by the human mind, and I love people.
Bernard Ebbers	I don't know technology and engineering. I don't know accounting.
Bernard Ebbers	The strength in our third-quarter financial results is cause for excitement. I'm particularly pleased that we continue to demonstrate impressive growth at the same time we are engaged in important merger discussions.
Bernard Ebbers	I know I lost my temper, but I tried to be human along the way.
Bernard Ebbers	I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.
Bernard Ebbers	I was a pretty good coach and working with marketing was like coaching.
Bernard Ebbers	I have some assets that over time will be worth something. I've been in the process of selling others.
Bernard Ebbers	I guess the one question I will not get today is: When are you going to do anything about cellular?
Bernard Ebbers	I put those people in place. I trusted them. I had no idea they would do anything like this.
Bernard Ebbers	No one will find me to have knowingly committed fraud.
Bernard Ebbers	Our communications services revenue growth is being driven by continued strong top-line performance in data, Internet and international - three of the fastest growing and most profitable areas within communications services.
Bernard Ebbers	I didn't have anything to apologize for.
Bernard Ebbers	Our investments in data, Internet and international have been particularly timely and have positioned the company to post industry-leading incremental revenue gains.
Bernard Ebbers	I just want you to know you aren't going to church with a crook.
Bernard Ebbers	I wasn't ever advised by Scott Sullivan of anything ever being wrong.
Bernard Ebbers	We accelerated our capital spending in the fourth quarter, particularly in international and next-generation network deployment, which should not only sustain future revenue growth but also drive significant cost reductions across all communications services.
Bernard Ebbers	I expected results.
Bernard Ebbers	I never thought anything like that would have gone on.
Bernard Ebbers	I used practically all the money I had available.
Bernard Ebbers	The coach's job is to get the best players and get them to play together.
Bernard Ebbers	We have the right assets for a fast-growing digital business.
Bernard Ebbers	We very much regret that our merger with Sprint was not allowed to proceed.
Bernard Ebbers	We were a fast-growing company, and I was a demanding boss.
Bernard Meltzer	Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
Bernard Meltzer	A true friend is someone who thinks that you are a good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
Bernard Meltzer	When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
Bernard Meltzer	Before you speak ask yourself if what you are going to say is true, is kind, is necessary, is helpful. If the answer is no, maybe what you are about to say should be left unsaid.
Bernard Meltzer	If you want to be original just try being yourself, because God has never made two people exactly alike.
Bernard Meltzer	Use those talents you have. You will make it. You will give joy to the world. Take this tip from nature: The woods would be a very silent place if no birds sang except those who sang best.
Bernard Meltzer	If you have learned how to disagree without being disagreeable, then you have discovered the secrete of getting along - whether it be business, family relations, or life itself.
Bernard Meltzer	Blessed are those who give without remembering. And blessed are those who take without forgetting.
Bernard Meltzer	Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.
Bernard Meltzer	We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
Bernard Meltzer	You can make more friends in two months by becoming really interested in other people, than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
Bernie Ecclestone	They say Formula One is a market which it can't be, obviously. Our market is independent, it's a sport.
Bernie Ecclestone	What we need now is a Treaty of the World not a Treaty of Rome.
Bernie Ecclestone	People want to build new circuits around the world and they say: 'We'll come to Silverstone and have a look how it's done', and I tell them to stay away.
Bert Campaneris	I've been in eleven no-hitters you know.
Bert Campaneris	I loved the opportunity to play for the Yankees, too.
Bert Campaneris	In 83 I thought we were going to go all the way. We had Roy Smalley, and Steve King, and good players.
Bert Campaneris	So to get to play for the Yankees was really exciting. Really exciting.
Bert Campaneris	Well, I wanted to play twenty years in the major leagues. I never made it twenty though. I played nineteen.
Bert Campaneris	Yankee Stadium, and the Yankees are so famous for Mickey Mantle, Joe DiMaggio, Lou Gehrig, all of those guys.
Bert Campaneris	Yes, I was in that game where George Brett hit that home run. Billy saw there was too much pine tar on the bat and he went to the umpire, the next thing we knew they were fighting about it.
Bertrand Russell	War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Bertrand Russell	The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Bertrand Russell	The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
Bertrand Russell	The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Bertrand Russell	Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give.
Bertrand Russell	To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Bertrand Russell	The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Bertrand Russell	The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
Bertrand Russell	I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Bertrand Russell	Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.
Bertrand Russell	Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
Bertrand Russell	The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
Bertrand Russell	I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.
Bertrand Russell	In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards.
Bertrand Russell	To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Bertrand Russell	One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
Bertrand Russell	I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.
Bertrand Russell	The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
Bertrand Russell	The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd.
Bertrand Russell	Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves.
Bertrand Russell	Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Bertrand Russell	I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.
Bertrand Russell	Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
Bertrand Russell	To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Bertrand Russell	The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.
Beryl Bainbridge	Being constantly with children was like wearing a pair of shoes that were expensive and too small. She couldn't bear to throw them out, but they gave her blisters.
Beryl Bainbridge	I've never been drawn to the feminist movement. I was brought up to believe that men had little to do with the home or children - except to bring in the money.
Beryl Bainbridge	Everything else you grow out of, but you never recover from childhood.
Beryl Bainbridge	It seems to me that a mutually beneficial relationship between a man and woman requires the man to be dominant. A sensible woman will allow the man to think he is the most important partner.
Beryl Bainbridge	When I got a telly we had no aerial, but I discovered that if I or one of the children stood by it you could get a picture. So I had to make a statue that could stand by the telly.
Bethany Hamilton	Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of.
Bethany Hamilton	When I was about five, I gave my heart to Jesus Christ, and since then it's just been a stronghold in my life. Really, through the shark attack and all the hard times that my family and I went through, it gave us unity and perseverance to push through all this crazy stuff that we never knew was going to happen.
Bethany Hamilton	Strive to find things to be thankful for, and just look for the good in who you are!
Bethany Hamilton	It's easy to look at the things of this world to solve our challenges and obstacles in life, but when we submit our lives to Christ, His grace, mercy, peace and love will bring true fulfillment to our lives.
Bethany Hamilton	I guess I just like to challenge myself and push myself harder to do things that I don't think I can, to do things that other people do not think I can. It pushes me. I push my own personal limits.
Bethany Hamilton	Love God; love others; do your best in all you do, even if you fall short!
Bethany Hamilton	Surfing for me is more than my lifestyle; it's my passion, my love, and it's a part of me.
Bethany Hamilton	I think it doesn't matter if you are the best surfer in the world. I'm going to try to be the best surfer I can be. It's not all about competing and being the best. It's more about having fun and just doing what you love.
Bethany Hamilton	God created the heavens and the earth, the oceans and the waves for our enjoyment. Surfing is just my way of worshipping Him.
Bethany Hamilton	The day I got back on my board... it was not necessarily hard. I was just so glad to get back in the water, because I'd been anxious for like a week. When I first got up on my first wave, or it was actually my third wave, but I rode it all the way to the beach, and after that, I just had, like, tears of happiness... I was so stoked to be out there.
Bethany Hamilton	Learning how to deal with people and their reactions to my life is one of the most challenging things... people staring at me, people asking rude questions, dealing with media, stuff like that.
Bethany Hamilton	Like, with one arm I know I can surf, but competitive surfing can be really frustrating, and sometimes you don't do as well as you want to. It can be discouraging at times. But whenever I do get frustrated, I just focus on God.
Bethany Hamilton	Being out there in the ocean, God's creation, it's like a gift He has given us to enjoy.
Bethany Hamilton	Besides surfing, I play tennis, volleyball, I swim, I run hills, or I do high-intensity, high-interval workouts. I'm up at 5 A.M. every day.
Bethany Hamilton	I don't know how long I'll be competing, but I'll always be surfing. I'll be surfing until I'm old.
Bethany Hamilton	God will give us the strength to be able to handle things. I mean, you can try to do it on your own, and sometimes you can pull off some stuff, but in the long run, it's much easier with Him by our side.
Bethany Hamilton	I'm a surfer at heart. Both my parents moved to Hawaii in the 1970s, where they met and became Christians. Then they taught me and my two brothers how to love the Lord - and how to surf!
Bethany Hamilton	I'm not a vegetarian by any means; I eat fish. But the problem with shark finning is they catch the shark, cut their fins and throw them back in the ocean, and to me, that's wrong. If you're going to kill an animal, you should use the entire animal and do it humanely. I'm definitely not a big fan.
Bethany Hamilton	It was Jesus who gave me peace when the shark severed my arm. I trust in Jesus whenever I'm going through a hard time. I see all the beautiful things that have come out of my situation. I'm able to share my story with young girls who have few role models, and I can help others cope with what they have been through.
Bethany Hamilton	To lose your everyday life of surfing and being creative on waves, enjoying the ocean - that's scary to me. It was essential to at least try surfing again and get out there and see how it went.
Bethany Hamilton	One arm might handicap me a little in competition, but I just work with what changes I know I have to make, and I'm pretty used to it now. It mainly depends on the wave conditions... I only get half the waves everyone else rides, so mine have to be good!
Bethany Hamilton	We all need that extra friend outside of our immediate family to talk about that extra stuff you wouldn't normally talk to your parents about.
Bethany Hamilton	I believe in Jesus Christ, and I believe He gave me the passion and determination to continue surfing. You fall off the horse, and you get back on. I had to go for it.
Bethany Hamilton	I don't care to be famous. But at the same time, you look at all the role models these little girls have, and they don't have anyone to look up to. I mean, it's weird, but if I just hid out and didn't let myself be known, who would they look up to instead, you know?
Bethany Hamilton	I have a unique workout schedule. I concentrate on balancing with my core and my legs. Then, like any other surfer, I try to read the ocean. It's always changing and moving - doing its own thing - so you need to learn how it works and how to position yourself.
Beverly D'Angelo	I think personal growth has much to do with acting ability.
Beverly D'Angelo	To become a star is the beginning of the end. I don't really want to be saddled with a screen persona.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	A good person can make another person good; it means that goodness will elicit goodness in the society; other persons will also be good.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	The attainment of the present status of Thailand has to depend on the ability or the actions of all the inhabitants of the country.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Nature is something outside our body, but the mind is within us.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	It is true, there are many bad people; there are more of them than in the past, but that is because there are more people, meaning the population has tripled; there must be three times more bad people.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Goodness is something that makes us serene and content; it is magnificent. Those who are not good are evil.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	In Thailand's history there have been dissensions from time to time, but in general, unity has prevailed.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Many other countries in this world are in a difficult situation, and all the Thai people are probably worried about the fate of Thailand: whether the country would survive or not.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Everyone must correct his own self; this is something more difficult to cope with, but it is not impossible.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	I have been extremely touched by these signs of affection on the part of all the Thai people.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	I am concerned because even in the past two years that were the jubilee years, I have seen evident signs which show that the people are still in great difficulties, and there are things that still need to be remedied and looked after in many areas.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Some say that now that 50 years have passed, we would like another 50 more years to celebrate once again; that means it will be 100 years. After one hundred years, I will be 118 years old.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Therefore, I think that in the celebration of the 50 years of the present reign, there must be research on the changes that the country has undergone, and in the future, it could be used as a lesson for our future actions.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	It could be argued that, in Thailand, many foreigners have come and gone, and the number of people who are considered to be Thai have traveled abroad in a great number.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	Since that time up until the present time, there have been progress, and changes all through the time. The changes have not come by themselves; these changes have come from the doings of everyone in the country.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	The will to work of everyone in the country is the best guarantee of national survival.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	The important thing for the survival of the Thai society is that the majority of those who work, both in the government and the private sector, still strive to work in the same direction; this is why the Thai nation still stands.
Bhumibol Adulyadej	There also is the plight that comes from natural disasters; these natural disasters could be alleviated or dealt with; we only need some time to do it.
Bianca Jagger	The death penalty is being applied in the United States as a fatal lottery.
Bianca Jagger	Governments are mandated by international law to protect people from genocide.
Bianca Jagger	The killing of innocent people is always wrong.
Bianca Jagger	Look at what President Kennedy managed to achieve during the Cuban missile crisis. If Bush had been president in 1962, do you think he would have avoided a nuclear war?
Bianca Jagger	I wanted to have a political career. I thought studying political science would be the best way to achieve it.
Bianca Jagger	I think the difference between El Salvador and Nicaragua is that in Nicaragua you had a popular insurrection, and in El Salvador you had a revolution.
Bianca Jagger	Bush and Blair combined their efforts to deceive both nations in a carefully coordinated manner, more so than anyone is willing to point out in the media.
Bianca Jagger	I am still profoundly troubled by the war in Nicaragua. The United States launched a covert war against another nation in violation of international law, a war that was wrong and immoral.
Bianca Jagger	Americans need to understand the significance of having their civil liberties dismantled. It doesn't just affect terrorists and foreigners, it affects us all.
Bianca Jagger	I feel great identification with the developing world.
Bianca Jagger	I didn't want to be discriminated against because of my gender and status. I promised myself I was never going to be treated as a second-class citizen.
Bianca Jagger	I think for the U.S. government the Sandinistas represented a threat to their dominance of Latin America.
Bianca Jagger	Live interviews are more difficult to distort.
Bianca Jagger	I've enjoyed doing Wolf Blitzer's program, and I even enjoyed having a heated debate with Bill O'Reilly. I will do it any time.
Bianca Jagger	In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
Bianca Jagger	I have always been willing to admit when I made a mistake. I made a mistake in my understanding of the composition of the Contras, not on my opposition to the Contra war.
Bianca Jagger	People in so many countries look up to the United States as a model of democracy, but I doubt if that can continue. It leaves me with a great sense of loss.
Bianca Jagger	I am closer to a European viewpoint of the world than an American one. My ethics and ideals are based on European concepts.
Bianca Jagger	I am not just a celebrity, I'm a human-rights advocate for the last 20 years.
Bianca Jagger	Most governments in Latin America have failed to recognize the rights of indigenous people and their right to their own traditional territories.
Bianca Jagger	Today, we talk a lot about terrorism, but we rarely talk about state terrorism.
Bianca Jagger	George W. Bush and Tony Blair had to convince the world that Saddam Hussein represented an imminent threat. Tony Blair lied when he claimed that Iraq could launch a chemical or biological attack within 45 minutes.
Bianca Jagger	During the first 10 years of my life, while my parents were married, I enjoyed a privileged upbringing. After their divorce, my life was difficult.
Bianca Jagger	George W. Bush will have to come to the UN and admit that he was wrong.
Bianca Jagger	I believe President Bush is one of the most dangerous leaders in the world. He is not in search of peaceful and diplomatic solutions.
Bill Ackman	Experience is making mistakes and learning from them.
Bill Ackman	I am always prepared to do the right thing regardless of what other people think.
Bill Ackman	If I believe that I am right, I will take it to the end of the earth until I am proven right.
Bill Ackman	I love what I do. I don't do it for the money. I work on behalf of investors that I like and want to do well for. I'm a competitive person.
Bill Ackman	Herbalife: the customers are fictitious, the business opportunity is a scam, the university degree is a fraud.
Bill Ackman	I'm an extremely, extremely persistent person. Extremely. And when I believe I am right, and it is important, I will go to the end of the earth.
Bill Ackman	The President is the CEO of this business that we call America.
Bill Ackman	I think the hedge-fund industry has taken a reputational turn for the worse, this dog-eat-dog stuff. I'm not just talking about Herbalife or J. C. Penney, but in other situations where the media really focuses on who's long and who's short. I don't think it's a good thing for the industry.
Bill Ackman	I'm not emotional about investments. Investing is something where you have to be purely rational and not let emotion affect your decision making - just the facts.
Bill Ackman	If you think of the typical Herbalife distributor and their level of sophistication, to this day I still don't understand the marketing plan - true story.
Bill Ackman	I was a little bit of a cocky kid.
Bill Ackman	I think good private equity investors create a lot more economic value than they destroy.
Bill Ackman	If you look at the great frauds of all time, Enron had that phantom trading floor. What Herbalife has is it has phantom or fictitious customers.
Bill Ackman	Investing is a business where you can look very silly for a long period of time before you are proven right.
Bill Ackman	Preserving the 30-year prepayable fixed-rate mortgage - it's like the bedrock of the housing system - is critical.
Bill Ackman	I think a very good system in a world with a lot of passive investors is one in which there are at least a few entrepreneurial investors, prepared to say what they think, prepared to propose a change in management, change in strategy, change in cost structure, capital structure.
Bill Ackman	It is a certainty that Herbalife is a pyramid scheme. We believe it's harming a population of low-income, principally Hispanic people in the U.S. to benefit a handful of super wealthy people at the top of the pyramid.
Bill Copeland	Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Bill Copeland	After all is said and done, sit down.
Bill Copeland	Before deciding to retire, stay home for a week and watch the daytime TV shows.
Bill Copeland	The man who rows the boat seldom has time to rock it.
Bill Copeland	Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
Bill Copeland	How strange to use 'You only live once' as an excuse to throw it away.
Bill Copeland	When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.
Bill Cosby	In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby	A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby	People can be more forgiving than you can imagine. But you have to forgive yourself. Let go of what's bitter and move on.
Bill Cosby	I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby	Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
Bill Cosby	The heart of marriage is memories; and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.
Bill Cosby	By the 1960s, many of us believed that the Civil Rights Movement could eliminate racism in America during our lifetime. But despite significant progress, racism remains.
Bill Cosby	I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.
Bill Cosby	Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think - in a deeper voice.
Bill Cosby	Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing.
Bill Cosby	Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Bill Cosby	Sometimes you try to help people, and it backfires on you, and then they try to take advantage of you.
Bill Cosby	Sex education may be a good idea in the schools, but I don't believe the kids should be given homework.
Bill Cosby	The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.
Bill Cosby	Gray hair is God's graffiti.
Bill Cosby	Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.
Bill Cosby	Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries.
Bill Cosby	I don't have a problem believing in God and Jesus. But in Genesis one has to wonder about these sentences that just go on and end without finishing. The thought is unfinished. Where did Adam go? What is he doing? Hello? There has to be some pages missing.
Bill Cosby	Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry.
Bill Cosby	Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge.
Bill Cosby	Laughter brings out the child in all of us.
Bill Cosby	You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.
Bill Cosby	I'm not going out and hitting a 95-mph fastball where I can't see the stitches. I'm not on a professional football team looking to tackle a fullback who is built like solid wood. I'm a thinking person, and I've been blessed with the ability to see some things and talk about them in a way that registers in a humorous and funny way.
Bill Cosby	I don't think you can bring the races together by joking about the differences between them. I'd rather talk about the similarities, about what's universal in their experiences.
Bill Cosby	Social networking helps reach people easier and quicker.
Bill Dana	I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days.
Bill Dana	He is so old that his blood type was discontinued.
Bill Dana	We just want to be remembered before something is set in stone.
Bill de Blasio	As N.Y.C. Public Advocate, I released a report that showed that stop-and-frisks of African Americans in 2012 were barely half as likely to yield a weapon as those of white New Yorkers - and a third less likely to yield contraband. Despite this evidence, the vast majority of those stopped are young black and Latino men.
Bill de Blasio	I'm someone who does not like a bunker mentality and does not like groupthink.
Bill de Blasio	My professional life has been about public service. My personal life I define very intently through my family.
Bill de Blasio	I have my loyalty to the team of my youth. Everyone I knew was a Red Sox fan. The team that I grew up with was constantly the underdog but managed to prevail.
Bill de Blasio	There is nothing wrong with listening. You can listen to people; you can hear people's concerns. You can keep an open mind and still be perfectly strong.
Bill de Blasio	I think unionization is good public policy. I think when families secure their economic future, that's good for everyone.
Bill de Blasio	At a certain point, particularly in his third term, Mayor Bloomberg lost touch with the people he was serving.
Bill de Blasio	Going back to high school and college, I believed I would be involved in public service. I literally could not conceptualize anything else.
Bill de Blasio	I am very much a Red Sox fan; I can name you more players than you could possibly imagine. It's just part of who I am.
Bill de Blasio	I have an activist's desire to improve people's lives.
Bill de Blasio	I think you can be smart and directed and focused, without being obnoxious, and get plenty done.
Bill de Blasio	I've always had a very positive relationship with the municipal labor unions - a respectful relationship.
Bill de Blasio	There are families of every kind. I think a lot of people are struggling to make sense of their identity in a very complicated world.
Bill de Blasio	Clearly, Mayor Bloomberg did some things right. I think he did a very good job on public health. He did a very good job on environment. I think he was right to achieve mayoral control of education. I don't think he then applied it the right way.
Bill de Blasio	Everyone I knew was a Red Sox fan. Living up there in 1967 - the Impossible Dream season - that moment was incredibly compelling. I just naturally gravitated to the team. Nineteen seventy-five was arguably the greatest World Series of all time.
Bill de Blasio	I come personally from a broken family, divorced very early in my childhood, a family with its own share of troubles, so I think that was very influential in both me believing that someday I would consistently devote myself to my own family that I created, but I think it also really affects my view of the world.
Bill de Blasio	I have a bold plan to break from the Bloomberg years, and end the 'Tale of Two Cities' by providing real opportunity to all New Yorkers, no matter where they live.
Bill de Blasio	I think Bloomberg's broad vision of the environment in New York City is something I agree with. I broadly stand with his vision for how to deal with climate change and prepare for future weather events.
Bill de Blasio	I think small business is struggling in New York City. It's a fantastic market, it's a very appealing market, there's lots of opportunity, at the same time it's a very difficult place to build a small business.
Bill de Blasio	My wife and family, to say the least, are the center of my life; they are my grounding. I don't want to sound schmaltzy, but they are my inspiration and you name it.
Bill de Blasio	There are a lot of different demands on the campaign trail, but what matters most is that you connect with voters and take the time to really hear their concerns.
Bill de Blasio	I think a lot of the best ideas come from the grassroots; I'm someone who does not like a bunker mentality and does not like groupthink.
Bill de Blasio	While this has been a private part of my family's life, it is now clear a media story will soon emerge. My father tragically ended his life while battling terminal cancer in 1979.
Bill de Blasio	I love the MLB app, because I'm a pretty obsessed baseball fan.
Bill de Blasio	My parents were divorced when I was young. I was really brought up by my mother's side of the family.
Bill Fagerbakke	Athletics provided a life preserver for me, and that maybe kept me out of trouble. I never partied in high school. I mostly just dated.
Bill Fagerbakke	It took me a few years to realize I might want to get into acting as a profession.
Bill Fagerbakke	When I was playing football, I was getting up to 240 pounds, and they wanted me to get to 260.
Bill Fagerbakke	Your basic physical makeup does influence the parts you're offered. If you're big, they cast you either dumb or tough, although there are exceptions. Clint Eastwood and James Arness carved out niches for themselves in Westerns. I just hope I won't be faced with doing 'Li'l Abner' in dinner theater for the rest of my career.
Bill Gates	It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Bill Gates	Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Bill Gates	Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important.
Bill Gates	If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
Bill Gates	The PC has improved the world in just about every area you can think of. Amazing developments in communications, collaboration and efficiencies. New kinds of entertainment and social media. Access to information and the ability to give a voice people who would never have been heard.
Bill Gates	The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
Bill Gates	I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user.
Bill Gates	Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates	We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve.
Bill Gates	What's amazing is, if young people understood how doing well in school makes the rest of their life so much interesting, they would be more motivated. It's so far away in time that they can't appreciate what it means for their whole life.
Bill Gates	You may have heard of Black Friday and Cyber Monday. There's another day you might want to know about: Giving Tuesday. The idea is pretty straightforward. On the Tuesday after Thanksgiving, shoppers take a break from their gift-buying and donate what they can to charity.
Bill Gates	The way to be successful in the software world is to come up with breakthrough software, and so whether it's Microsoft Office or Windows, its pushing that forward. New ideas, surprising the marketplace, so good engineering and good business are one in the same.
Bill Gates	The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow.
Bill Gates	In ninth grade, I came up with a new form of rebellion. I hadn't been getting good grades, but I decided to get all A's without taking a book home. I didn't go to math class, because I knew enough and had read ahead, and I placed within the top 10 people in the nation on an aptitude exam.
Bill Gates	I'm a great believer that any tool that enhances communication has profound effects in terms of how people can learn from each other, and how they can achieve the kind of freedoms that they're interested in.
Bill Gates	If you go back to 1800, everybody was poor. I mean everybody. The Industrial Revolution kicked in, and a lot of countries benefited, but by no means everyone.
Bill Gates	As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
Bill Gates	Research shows that there is only half as much variation in student achievement between schools as there is among classrooms in the same school. If you want your child to get the best education possible, it is actually more important to get him assigned to a great teacher than to a great school.
Bill Gates	Everyone needs a coach. It doesn't matter whether you're a basketball player, a tennis player, a gymnast or a bridge player.
Bill Gates	Discrimination has a lot of layers that make it tough for minorities to get a leg up.
Bill Gates	Software innovation, like almost every other kind of innovation, requires the ability to collaborate and share ideas with other people, and to sit down and talk with customers and get their feedback and understand their needs.
Bill Gates	In business, the idea of measuring what you are doing, picking the measurements that count like customer satisfaction and performance... you thrive on that.
Bill Gates	Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering.
Bill Gates	Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
Bill Gates	Climate change is a terrible problem, and it absolutely needs to be solved. It deserves to be a huge priority.
Bill Hader	Turns out typecasting is a real thing.
Bill Hader	I got invited to the Playboy Mansion with the Lonely Island guys after their first season on 'SNL,' and I sat in the corner drinking coffee and talking to Akiva Schaffer about what aspect ratio he was going to shoot 'Hot Rod' in. Like, that's what we talk about.
Bill Hader	I just did this movie with Kristin Wiig called 'The Skeleton Twins.' That's a straight drama. We play estranged twins, and I end up moving in with her and her husband, played by Luke Wilson. But it's a drama, and the Duplass Brothers produced it and this great guy, Craig Johnson, directed it. And that was great, you know?
Bill Hader	I was never that good on stage with live improv. I was much better on film or writing something and then thinking about it. I was too in my head when I was on stage.
Bill Hader	I'm never going to say, 'Well, I'm never going to do comedy again.' I love comedies, and it's what people know me for, so I love doing it... I don't really think about it in terms of 'Well, I should do this because it's comedy or drama.'
Bill Hader	A person being patient with an insane person is my favorite thing in the world.
Bill Hader	Everything is so tech now; everyone is so connected that way.
Bill Hader	Fred Armisen does a pretty good me.
Bill Hader	I have a lot of incomplete short films and incomplete scripts out there.
Bill Hader	I remember seeing 'Spinal Tap' at a young age and being like, 'That's how you perform comedy.'
Bill Hader	Oddly enough, I have really bad stage fright - getting up in front of people. And I made a living going on live television.
Bill Hader	Seth Meyers and I wrote a 'Spider-Man' comic.
Bill Hader	'SNL' is really hard to do when you're single and living alone. And then it's pretty tough when you're married, because you don't see your spouse.
Bill Hader	'Superbad' was such a personal movie.
Bill Hader	When I got to 'Saturday Night Live,' it was a lot like going from pre-school to Harvard, and it took a long time to figure stuff out.
Bill Hader	You learn quickly at 'SNL' you get in trouble if you compare yourself to other people, where they're at, or what other people had done before you.
Bill Hader	I really enjoyed playing Vinny Vedecci, the Italian talk show host. He was the first character I ever came up with where I gave him a name and a way of dressing.
Bill Hader	I remember I could do - I did Bart Simpson once on the bus. I did, like, a really good Bart Simpson voice on the bus, obviously before I hit puberty. And everybody went, 'Whoa, that sounds just like Bart Simpson.'
Bill Hader	I started 'SNL,' and I became the one who did impressions. I did that, but then I wanted to get an original character on, and that took a long time to get one on that stuck. And then I got Vinny Vedecci on - 'Oh great' - and then it took a couple more seasons to get Greg the Alien on. You have to have some patience.
Bill Hader	I work a lot, and it's kind of like, you meet people, and you just click. It's not like I'm looking at something and thinking: ''South Park' - how do I get on that?' I just became friends with those guys first. They're nice guys.
Bill Hader	My first real job, I sold Christmas trees when I was twelve for extra money. I did that until I was fifteen. Then I bagged groceries, and I worked at the first Borders ever in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Bill Hader	When it comes to comedy, it might be interesting to know why an airplane works, but really? Maybe it's better not to know why certain things work. Just fly the thing, and if nothing falls apart, you'll be fine.
Bill Hader	Yeah, improvising only really works 100% when you're with somebody.
Bill Hader	As far as post-'SNL' career, whatever kind of comes my way that looks interesting, I'll do it, you know?
Bill Hader	At the beginning of each week at 'Saturday Night Live,' we have a full cast meeting where Lorne Michaels introduces the upcoming host.
Bill Haley	See you later, alligator. After a while, crocodile.
Bill Haley	I sat down one night and wrote the line rock, rock, rock everybody.
Bill Haley	She was so small she could make mamba in a telephone booth.
Bill Haley	The music is the main thing and it's just as easy to write acceptable words.
Bill Haley	The road can be hard on a kid if he's not careful.
Bill Haley	We steer completely clear of anything suggestive.
Bill Haley	We take a lot of care with lyrics because we don't want to offend anybody.
Bill Halter	If ask 100 Arkansans about the phrase, 'the public option,' or 'a public option,' you'll get 100 different impressions about what that means.
Bill Halter	I'm conservative on some issues, and I'm progressive on others.
Bill Halter	When campaigns use one-word labels, typically it's meant to distract and destroy.
Bill Halter	In terms of the ability to go out and win - this is why you have campaigns. You go out, and you take your issues to voters, and you put them out there, and people respond, or they don't.
Bill Halter	My wife Shanti and I are blessed with two wonderful daughters. Nothing is more important to us than protecting their future and the future of every Arkansas child.
Bill Halter	Washington is broken. Bailing out Wall Street with no strings attached while leaving middle class Arkansas taxpayers with the bill. Protecting insurance company profits instead of patients and lowering health costs.
Bill Irwin	It's an exhilarating play, and you come off tired, but thrilled.
Bill Irwin	We constantly run lines together before every show too, and then there's a long, traditionally long, story to tell the audience every show. Today, we're doing it twice.
Bill Irwin	This play is truly a great invention, and we're having a great time doing it eight times a week.
Bill Irwin	Being nominated is a great thrill, and we like to say that all four of us were nominated, which means that our director, Anthony Page was nominated four times.
Bill Irwin	People keep telling us, that they didn't know when they were booking tickets for it, but afterwards they say that they've had no sense that they were watching an old fashioned play.
Bill Irwin	The fact is that we like each other very much, and we of course see each other on stage all the time, but this means more time to spend together, and that's great. We couldn't be happier.
Bill James	I have always been much better at asking questions than knowing what the answers were.
Bill James	Professionalism in medicine has given us medial miracles for the affluent but hospitals that will charge $35 for aspirin.
Bill James	It's extremely damaging to a fair trial to have people reaching judgment about the case in the newspapers and on the radio before the facts are heard in a case.
Bill James	If a candidate for office starts talking about thinning the deer population or investing in barriers to reduce the number of deer on the highways, the other side will probably just ignore him, because they're not going to know what to say about it. But there is a chance that the issue will resonate with voters in an unexpected way.
Bill James	Baseball would be a quite remarkable activity if it was the one place in the world where your co-workers didn't have any impact on how productive you were. But in fact, baseball is a high-stress occupation, and those sort of stress-inducing activities... just have a huge impact on how the team functions, I think.
Bill James	Bunting is usually a waste of time. The - generally, yeah, I mean, if you think about it, bunt is the only play in baseball that both sides applaud. The - if the home team bunts, you get a base. The home team applauds because they get an out, and the other team applauds because they get a base. So what does that tell you?
Bill James	There are many things that you can't measure. But the great fun of what I do for a living is figuring out ways to measure things that people previously considered intangible.
Bill James	Well, stealing bases adds some runs but very few, and you lose most of the runs that you gain by having runners caught stealing.
Bill James	Professionalism in law has brought us the O.J. Simpson case in lieu of justice.
Bill James	Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.
Bill James	Crime cases tend to be fascinating until you figure out what happened.
Bill James	I like to feel that I understand little things about sports.
Bill James	When people disagree with you, what you ultimately have to do is persuade people to agree with you - period.
Bill James	Crime shapes how we think about the world; it shapes social decisions that we make; it shapes our base of knowledge. But we don't talk about it intelligently.
Bill James	Do we need to have 280 brands of breakfast cereal? No, probably not. But we have them for a reason - because some people like them. It's the same with baseball statistics.
Bill James	None of us are claiming that the statistical analysts understand the game of football as well as the football coaches do, or that our analysis should take precedence over the informed opinions of experts. I'm not saying that at all.
Bill James	Some people give themselves over to their most evil desires, and those people becomes evil. But in general, it's reductive to think of evil as something foreign and separate from the rest of us. Evil is part of everyone. We all have the capacity to commit evil acts.
Bill James	We need new athletes all the time because we need new games every day - fudging just a little on the definition of the word 'need.' We like to have new games every day, and, if we are to have a constant and endless flow of games, we need a constant flow of athletes.
Bill James	The fact is that everybody around a college basketball game - the coaches, the announcers, even the referees at a lower level - calculates when the game is really over. They calculate it with intuition and guesswork.
Bill James	The business of popularizing crime is how we expose the faults in our justice system. It's how we expose police misconduct.
Bill James	Baseball does become slow sometimes. It's totally unnecessary. The - you can play baseball fast. You can play it slow, and for some reason, we have chosen to play it slow, you know, which is unfortunate, but nothing you can do about.
Bill James	I would never encourage my children to be athletes - first because my children are not athletes and second because there are so many people pushing to get to the top in sports that 100 people are crushed for each one who breaks through. This is unfortunate.
Bill James	It's easy for people to grow up in our society believing that certain lifestyles are risk free when they certainly are not.
Bill James	Do people really believe there's something different about the eyes of murderers?
Bill James	In a crime story, the details become tremendously important - where the staircase was in relation to the bed, for example.
Billy Baldwin	The relationship between a client must be 'we.'
Billy Baldwin	One of my favorite colors is no color at all.
Billy Baldwin	I don't think anyone has a right to possess anything he doesn't love - art or anything else.
Billy Baldwin	The worst thing any decorator can do is give a client the feeling that he's walking around somebody else's house; the rooms must belong to the owner, not to the decorator; and no rooms can have atmosphere unless they are used and lived in.
Billy Baldwin	We can recognize and give credit where credit is due, to the debt of taste we owe Europe, but we have taste, too.
Billy Baldwin	Evergreen had opened up a whole new world to me. There I met many internationally celebrated people: there I was surrounded by the best art and music, as well as conversation. I knew I could never return to the life I had led before.
Billy Baldwin	Cotton is my life.
Billy Baldwin	I grew up as one of six kids.
Billy Baldwin	My dad was my Little League coach and my Cub Master.
Billy Baldwin	Rich Palm Beach clients all wanted the same kind of different thing.
Billy Baldwin	The word that almost makes me throw up is satin; damask makes me throw up.
Billy Baldwin	When you become famous, you start getting invites to parties where there are famous athletes and famous rock stars, politicians, people who have tremendous power and affluence. It's not in my DNA, but certainly I have been exposed to it.
Billy Baldwin	My dad was a high school teacher and made no money.
Billy Campbell	Aside from what it teaches you, there is simply the indescribable degree of peace that can be achieved on a sailing vessel at sea. I guess a combination of hard work and the seemingly infinite expanse of the sea - the profound solitude - that does it for me.
Billy Campbell	Most sailing ships take what they call trainees, who pay to be part of the crew. The Picton Castle takes people who are absolutely raw recruits. But you can't just ride along. You're learning to steer the ship, navigation; you're pulling lines, keeping a lookout; in the galley you're cooking.
Billy Campbell	The first trip I remember taking was on the train from Virginia up to New York City, watching the summertime countryside rolling past the window. They used white linen tablecloths in the dining car in those days, and real silver. I love trains to this day. Maybe that was the beginning of my fixation with leisurely modes of travel.
Billy Campbell	Vancouver is one of my favorite places on earth. It's gray and rainy there a lot of the time, but for some reason, even though it's gray and rainy, I feel like it's a sunny day.
Billy Campbell	I'm not a big fan of CGI. I'm not a fan at all, unless they use it in a way that doesn't call attention to itself.
Billy Campbell	A great deal of my battle, as an actor, is to whittle away the things that make me self-conscious and try to trick myself into not being self-conscious. So, it's always a challenge, whether I'm lying in a hospital bed or flying around with a rocket pack on my back, or what have you. On the best of days, it's a challenge for me.
Billy Campbell	I tend to get comfortable with the dialogue and find out who the person is in the script and try to hit that. People are sort of independent of their occupations and their pastimes. You don't play a politician or a fireman or a cowboy - you just play a person.
Billy Campbell	On land, you can walk away from people, from unpleasant situations. But when you're on a ship for 14 months with 49 other people, if you don't resolve your issues it literally could mean - and this would be an extreme circumstance - the sinking of the ship. You learn a lot about other people. You learn a lot about yourself.
Billy Campbell	The feeling of being at sea has put me in touch with who I am to a greater degree than if I had been on land all these years. So, in a roundabout way, I imagine it does inform my acting.
Billy Campbell	The kind of people that love 'The Rocketeer' are the kind of people that love good storytelling and innocence and a better world, so to speak, so they're almost always nice people to bump into.
Billy Campbell	I can't say that I haven't done some bad acting in my time. I have. Usually that involves what we actors call 'indicating,' when you twirl your mustache.
Billy Campbell	The South Downs of England reminded me a bit of my Old Virginia homeland.
Billy Campbell	I don't have any complex plans for playing a character. I think all I try to do is not make too many bad guy faces and not ever try to seem too good. I just try to put it in the middle somewhere.
Billy Campbell	I think it would be lovely to see some features on a disc of 'The Rocketeer,' with some reminiscing. I think that would be dynamite.
Billy Campbell	I would make a horrible politician, because I wouldn't enjoy my work.
Billy Campbell	The only thing better than going to Pitcairn in the first place, is going again.
Billy Campbell	To me, the AMC brand is great storytelling - they call it slow-burn storytelling.
Billy Campbell	When I first came to Hollywood, I used to dream of doing films and escaping television.
Billy Campbell	I've done some things that have been quite interesting, but as grateful as I am for having been on 'Dynasty,' it was just so cheesy. That's half the reason it was so much fun for people to watch, but it's not so fun to have to say those lines.
Billy Campbell	If you were to ask my agent, they would confirm this: I'm drawn to locations. What really drew me to 'The 4400,' aside from the fact that it was sci-fi, was the fact that it was shot in the city of my dreams: Vancouver.
Billy Campbell	I almost always do things that I like, in some form or fashion. Every once in awhile that means that I don't think the script is any good and I don't have any trust in the people, but the film is shooting in Sri Lanka, or somewhere like that, so I'm going.
Billy Campbell	I grew up 60 minutes way from Richmond, in Charlottesville, Virginia and, as a child, I was obsessed with the Civil War. I used to do re-enactments and all that stuff.
Billy Campbell	I sailed a bit as a child, but it wasn't until I was around 40, when I was halfway through Patrick O'Brian's 'Master and Commander' novels, that I had the sudden epiphany that I had to go sail on a square-rig ship.
Billy Campbell	I shampoo only once a week or so, with tree tea oil shampoo. And when I slap moisturizer on my face - just some stuff I bought in the grocery store - I pile it through my hair.
Billy Campbell	I would love to see a sequel to 'The Rocketeer.' I'd love to see that! I don't know that I would be in it. I may be a little long in the tooth to play 'The Rocketeer.' But I would love to be a part of that in some form or fashion.
Billy Eckstine	L.A. is kind of laid back, but New York, everybody is out there for that buck, you know.
Billy Eckstine	I knew exactly what I was, and there was no hang-up with me. None whatsoever. The fact that the pigment of my skin maybe being lighter brown than other people of my race, maybe some of them, but you know our race has all colors.
Billy Eckstine	If you want to be a doctor, a lawyer you must go to college. But if you want to be a musician or such, study your craft. Study music.
Billy Eckstine	Oh, yeah. I know Dizzy. For years he's been my buddy way, way, way back. Dizzy is one of the most astute guys and one of the most learned guys in the world and knows exactly what he's doing musically.
Billy Eckstine	You can't sing about love unless you know about it.
Billy Eckstine	I don't have perfect pitch, but I have relative pitch. I'm glad I don't have perfect pitch because perfect pitch can drive you crazy.
Billy Eckstine	Piano should be the one. Yeah, because that's your basis. Everything is right there in front of you.
Billy Eckstine	I'm used to hearing myself. My own voice.
Billy Eckstine	As a matter of fact they'd blacken us down. I guess there's a reason that according to what the Caucasian wanted us to look like. He wanted us to look-if we were Black, then he had his idea of what we look like.
Billy Eckstine	I was still in school at the time and Cab was very popular and everybody was doing Cab Calloway so I did.
Billy Eckstine	I'm a firm believer and I think my religion is inside.
Billy Eckstine	It taught me something. It taught you your craft.
Billy Eckstine	When Byrd came out of there, he had written a lot things while he was in the hospital.
Billy Eckstine	Bud Johnson, God rest his soul of fame, a tenor saxophonist. Bud was always a big, big, big booster of mine and he always when I first met Bud in Pittsburgh when he came through there, he heard me sing and he wanted me to come to Chicago.
Billy Eckstine	I just went to Harvard a little while, because I graduated from Armstrong High School in Washington and then I went up there but I didn't stay that long because I went into show business.
Billy Eckstine	I think a song that's got something to say. I'm not much on gimmicks. I never have been because they don't last. But I like a song that tells a story and has some meat to it, you know, that means something.
Billy Eckstine	I was so enamored with the idea of being in show business so everything was bright to me. I mean, I didn't think of it as being tough and things like that.
Billy Eckstine	It was my band. I organized the band and Dizzy was in the band. Dizzy was the first musical director with the band. Charlie Parker was in the band. But, no, no, that was my band.
Billy Eckstine	My youngest daughter sings. She's going to be very good. She's graduated from Music School and she's been working down around and getting her feet wet, you know. I had her out with me for a year just showing her the ropes a little bit, but she's going to be all right.
Billy Eckstine	Today the kids that are out now they make a hit record and they put them right out on the stage with 10,000 people out there and they don't know anything about the business yet.
Billy Eckstine	When you're playing music, say for instance, you're playing a part of the band and you're looking at your music, your horn is down into the stand. This way, it's up and it goes right on out to the audience, you know?
Billy Eckstine	You know, times change and the elements change along with it. The elements of success. And my son's very successful. He's doing very well. And I have a younger daughter who sings.
Billy Eichner	Every actor-performer says this, and it sounds so irritating, but I'm not the most outgoing person.
Billy Eichner	If you really think you have something good, you can't take no for an answer. You've got to get in there and ignore the people who say no.
Billy Eichner	A lot of people in Hollywood, and everywhere pretty much, operate on fear. No one wants to get fired, so everyone's scared to take a chance. There's money involved, and there are careers and reputations on the line.
Billy Eichner	Facebook is weird. They have all of these seemingly random rules that I'm sure make sense to them, but don't make sense to me or any people.
Billy Eichner	I came back to New York after college like any number of struggling performers, and you just find that niche where you can have some sort of impact. And for me that turned out to be comedy.
Billy Eichner	A lot of comics aren't their on-screen personas; Chris Rock isn't always ranting and raving. What I do is make myself this over-the-top character that people either find endearing or they think is a joke. Then I can do anything I want.
Billy Eichner	I was very much an only child who was raised by the television and movies, and I grew up in New York. We weren't, like, rich people, but we were middle-class people and my parents supported this love I had for entertainment.
Billy Eichner	There have been man-on-the-street interviews for years, but insulting people is not that funny to me.
Billy Eichner	I thought I was going to be like Kevin Spacey in college.
Billy Eichner	I would not have a career without Facebook and Twitter. That's the truth.
Billy Eichner	For some reasons, I have WWE wrestlers tweeting me all the time. Like, my biggest fans. Why they can connect with my love for Meryl Streep, I don't know.
Billy Eichner	I thought it would be funny to go to my Korean dry cleaner and ask her about my head shot, as if it's the most important thing in the world, and as if it's something that everyone should weigh on because it's important to me.
Billy Gardell	You start realizing that maybe you're the one night a month that people have out, and they don't need to hear your political views or how dark you can get. They just want to laugh for an hour and go home. Once I wrapped my head around that, my act evolved accordingly.
Billy Gardell	I come from a working-class family in Pittsburgh, whereas 'Mike & Molly' deals with the working class in Chicago. I swear a little, but I pretty much talk the same. It's not like when you see someone like Tim Allen and he's a lot bluer onstage.
Billy Gardell	Yeah, I've done Jim Breuer's radio show a couple times, and I heard from Larry the Cable Guy when I got 'Mike & Molly,' wishing me congratulations. I'm always the last one to the party, man. But that's okay. I got there.
Billy Gardell	You know, I'm playing the Mirage in Vegas, the main room... About 5 percent of all comics end up as the main headliner on the Vegas Strip, so that's a big deal for me. Getting to do my stand-up the way I have this summer is really what I've dreamed of since I was about 10 years old.
Billy Gardell	Everybody wants to be a better version of themselves - everybody. And I hope one day I can lose some weight. Maybe, who knows, I'll hire myself a trainer and a fancy cook. In five years, maybe I'll be an action hero. Then again, maybe I'll just be this guy. Who knows? But the fun part is embracing the human side of that.
Billy Gardell	I have been a big guy all my life, I am not going to lose a bunch of weight, because then you're like that weird fat person that got skinny but still has a big head. I don't want to do that. So I'm just trying.
Billy Gardell	Whenever I realize I'm being a goofball, I write it down. When I release the joke onstage, I love watching the effect it has on the audience. No one wants to see someone talk who takes themselves too seriously.
Billy Gardell	You need a wisecracking buddy standing next to you? That's the role for me. You got the guys who are knock-down, drag-out handsome. That's what people want to see. Let that guy be the hero. But there's always a role for the Everyman.
Billy Gardell	Stand-up will always come first. I've been doing it for 22 years, and nothing compares to that connection you have with the audience. It's euphoric.
Billy Gardell	I always like to find those little mom-and-pop sandwich places, or diners. Those are my favorite kind of places.
Billy Gardell	I chewed up a lot of Florida highway when I was starting out. Used to come to Tampa two or three times a year for about 10 years straight.
Billy Gardell	I mean, yeah, I want to lose some weight! I'm doing the best I can.
Billy Gardell	I'm from Minnesota! I used to work Knuckleheads at the Mall of America as a stand-up. I spent New Year's there once. I'm not trying to namedrop.
Billy Gardell	And then as I got older, see, I think a lot of times with comics, your life kind of permeates your act. Whatever is happening in your life is what's going on on stage. So if you're angry in your life, then that's going to be on stage. If you're looking for the guy that's just going to make you laugh for an hour and forget about, that's me.
Billy Gardell	And what's great is, you know, while 'Mike and Molly' are working on their health, that's their flaw, the people that surround them are actually- that's the mess. Those two have it together the most.
Billy Gardell	As a comic, I've heard gunshots while I'm trying to get to sleep. I've performed where people wanted to do you harm after the show because of something you said.
Billy Gardell	I like those older theaters - the acoustics are perfect, I mean, you just have that feel of there's been a thousand shows in there and now you get to be one.
Billy Gardell	I've been trying to watch my weight a bit, but when I come to Las Vegas, all bets are off. I get enough healthy food in L.A. where the food is the size of a quarter and costs $40 - when I'm in Vegas, I want a steak!
Billy Gardell	Look, you know, you can't please everybody. I'm a stand-up comic. I know that. It doesn't matter how funny you are and how well you do, there's two people that are going to walk out of there hating you.
Billy Gardell	'Mike & Molly' exists in a world where we don't just say a snarky line, make a crazy face, and walk out of the room. There's actually some tender moments here, too.
Billy Gardell	The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
Billy Graham	God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
Billy Graham	The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
Billy Graham	The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'
Billy Graham	When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
Billy Graham	I think that the Bible teaches that homosexuality is a sin, but the Bible also teaches that pride is a sin, jealousy is a sin, and hate is a sin, evil thoughts are a sin. So I don't think that homosexuality should be chosen as the overwhelming sin that we are doing today.
Billy Graham	Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
Billy Graham	The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.
Billy Graham	Make sure of your commitment to Jesus Christ, and seek to follow Him every day. Don't be swayed by the false values and goals of this world, but put Christ and His will first in everything you do.
Billy Graham	Racism and injustice and violence sweep our world, bringing a tragic harvest of heartache and death.
Billy Graham	No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.
Billy Graham	Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
Billy Graham	God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Billy Graham	Many churches of all persuasions are hiring research agencies to poll neighborhoods, asking what kind of church they prefer. Then the local churches design themselves to fit the desires of the people. True faith in God that demands selflessness is being replaced by trendy religion that serves the selfish.
Billy Graham	A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.
Billy Graham	Racial prejudice, anti-Semitism, or hatred of anyone with different beliefs has no place in the human mind or heart.
Billy Graham	Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
Billy Graham	The highest form of worship is the worship of unselfish Christian service. The greatest form of praise is the sound of consecrated feet seeking out the lost and helpless.
Billy Graham	I am not going to Heaven because I have preached to great crowds or read the Bible many times. I'm going to Heaven just like the thief on the cross who said in that last moment: 'Lord, remember me.'
Billy Graham	Once you've lost your privacy, you realize you've lost an extremely valuable thing.
Billy Graham	When granted many years of life, growing old in age is natural, but growing old with grace is a choice. Growing older with grace is possible for all who will set their hearts and minds on the Giver of grace, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Billy Graham	Being a Christian is more than just an instantaneous conversion - it is a daily process whereby you grow to be more and more like Christ.
Billy Graham	Auschwitz stands as a tragic reminder of the terrible potential man has for violence and inhumanity.
Billy Graham	God has given us two hands - one to receive with and the other to give with. We are not cisterns made for hoarding; we are channels made for sharing.
Billy Graham	Even the securest financial plan and the finest health coverage aren't enough to hold us steady when the challenges come... We need something more, something deeper and unshakeable, something that will see us through life's hard times.
Billy Graham	God's mercy and grace give me hope - for myself, and for our world.
Billy Idol	I love it when someone insults me. That means that I don't have to be nice anymore.
Billy Idol	I don't think punk ever really dies, because punk rock attitude can never die.
Billy Idol	It doesn't matter about money; having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end.
Billy Idol	If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can.
Billy Idol	I think love's exciting and happy, as well as being able to make you sad.
Billy Idol	The biggest misconception people have about me is that I'm stupid.
Billy Idol	There was a time when my whole life was in chaos, really, and I didn't help myself sort it out. But one day I came to my senses, and I think I was lucky because a lot of people don't.
Billy Idol	I'm not trying to hide from my past. I want to roll in it. Like a dog, rolling in feces, I'm rolling in the feces of my greatest hits - that's a bit of a wild way of looking at it, but I am a man, and we do like rolling in our own feces at times.
Billy Idol	Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.
Billy Idol	They wouldn't play my records on American radio because I had spiky hair. They said, 'Punk rock doesn't sell advertising, it won't make any money.'
Billy Idol	I rocked the cradle of love.
Billy Idol	I'm really a singer, so I love songs and I love singing. I like rap music, but I didn't grow up freestyling.
Billy Idol	I'm not talking with an American accent. I haven't gone off and become Sammy Hagar.
Billy Idol	Part of the punk attitude was that you should project your music through your whole body... show your personality as much as possible.
Billy Idol	It's like, what happened, I was always leading fashion, and then the grunge thing kind of came along. And because I've been so on top in the '80s you know, I, you know, what can I do? Suddenly go grunge?
Billy Idol	My dad was one of the reasons I got into rock and roll, because I was learning the ropes of his business, which was selling powertools, and I was looking for a way out from under his heel. I was like, 'Where's the fun? Where's the glamour?'
Billy Idol	My hair used to be real long, and my parents were encouraged when I cut it. They thought I was going 'straight,' but I was just getting weirder - at least in their eyes. I was getting into the punk thing.
Billy Idol	When I started out, everyone seemed to be adopting these names... Johnny Rotten, Sid Vicious. I wasn't really Rotten or Vicious or Nasty, so I wanted something a bit more funny - yet something that seemed real rock 'n' roll... something that acknowledged my ambition.
Billy Idol	I am quite a romantic person, really, and I should have put that into my music earlier, but I was probably denying it... I didn't want to be soft because I felt I had to be so hard to get people to believe in me.
Billy Idol	I don't care what stage or what reason, as long as we're playing.
Billy Idol	The world goes on, you go on and you change. You want to show the fans those changes, and you want to be able to verbalize them.
Bindi Irwin	My Daddy was my hero. He was always there for me when I needed him. He listened to me and taught me so many things. But most of all he was fun.
Bindi Irwin	I feel like I'm nothing without wildlife. They are the stars. I feel awkward without them.
Bindi Irwin	It's every little girl's dream to have an exact look-alike doll. It's amazing.
Bindi Irwin	I love them very much. All animals big and small. You can name an ant for instance.
Bindi Irwin	If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve.
Bindi Irwin	I really think I like poisonous snakes.
Bindi Irwin	I don't want Daddy's passion to ever end. I want to help endangered wildlife just like he did.
Bindi Irwin	I love having my birthday at Australia Zoo.
Bindi Irwin	I'm going to be doing exactly what I'm doing now - teaching people about animals.
Bindi Irwin	It's about keeping animals in our environment. They can't be on somebody's purse or shoes or something.
Bindi Irwin	Every time you lose an animal, it's like losing a brick from the house. Pretty soon the house just falls down, you know?
Bindi Irwin	I'm so lucky because I get to have all of these memories. I can have all of those pictures and different sorts of films and stuff. Some people have only one photo, and I'm really glad that I have all of that.
Bindi Irwin	I'm trying to get across the message that don't be afraid of animals, they're just put on this earth to help the environment and everything like that.
Bindi Irwin	My Dad was such an incredible person, and you have the option of just curling up in a dark corner and letting it all go or you have the option of standing strong, sticking together and carrying on what he lived and died for. And I think that's what's so important - to be able to carry on where he left off.
Bindi Irwin	I want to make him the proudest dad to have me and I want to show everybody and nearly be as good as him because he was the best.
Bjarke Ingels	Architects have to become designers of eco-systems. Not just designers of beautiful facades or beautiful sculptures, but systems of economy and ecology, where we channel the flow not only of people, but also the flow of resources through our cities and buildings.
Bjarke Ingels	In the big picture, architecture is the art and science of making sure that our cities and buildings fit with the way we want to live our lives.
Bjarke Ingels	Sustainability can't be like some sort of a moral sacrifice or political dilemma or a philanthropical cause. It has to be a design challenge.
Bjarke Ingels	In Copenhagen, there's a long-term commitment to creating a well-functioning pedestrian city where all forms of movement - pedestrian, bicycles, cars, public transportation - are accommodated with equal priority.
Bjarke Ingels	You can say, like, planet Earth has an existing geology, and what we do as human beings and as architects is that we try to sort of alter and modify and expand the geology.
Bjarke Ingels	I think the avant-garde often hides itself in the highly incomprehensible because they are frustrated that the real world is so boring.
Bjarke Ingels	Architecture is restricted to such a limited vocabulary. A building is either a high-rise or a perimeter block or a town house.
Bjarke Ingels	My drawing skills probably froze around when I was 18... Now I'm more interested in the story, how the drawings, the layout can help express the stories and communicate them.
Bjarke Ingels	All evidence shows that we are actually getting smarter. Roughly we are getting 10 IQ points smarter every decade. The speed of innovation is also faster.
Bjarke Ingels	I think architecture is rarely the product of a single ideology. It's more like it can be shaped by a really big idea. It can accommodate a lot of life forms.
Bjarke Ingels	For me, architecture is the means, not the end. It's a means of making different life forms possible.
Bjarke Ingels	I almost never listen to the radio.
Bjarke Ingels	New York is flat - it's ideal for bicycling.
Bjarke Ingels	All comic books take place in built environments, and I was very good at drawing people and animals, and stuff like that, but I hadn't spent much energy drawing buildings. So I thought, maybe I could, and then I became an architect.
Bjarke Ingels	I believe that architecture, as anything else in life, is evolutionary. Ideas evolve; they don't come from outer space and crash into the drawing board.
Bjarke Ingels	St. Petersburg is a wonderful city. You have wonderful parks, birds singing in the trees, manatees in the water, pelicans. So it's like this little paradise on Earth.
Bjarke Ingels	In the traditional modernist planning that created the suburbs, you put residential buildings in suburban neighborhoods, office spaces into brain parks and retail in shopping malls. But you fail to exploit the possibility of symbiosis or synthesis that way.
Black Elk	And as he spoke of understanding, I looked up and saw the rainbow leap with flames of many colors over me.
Black Elk	Sometimes dreams are wiser than waking.
Black Elk	Grandfather, Great Spirit, once more behold me on earth and lean to hear my feeble voice.
Black Elk	And I say the sacred hoop of my people was one of the many hoops that made one circle, wide as daylight and as starlight, and in the center grew one mighty flowering tree to shelter all the children of one mother and one father.
Black Elk	Also, as I lay there thinking of my vision, I could see it all again and feel the meaning with a part of me like a strange power glowing in my body; but when the part of me that talks would try to make words for the meaning, it would be like fog and get away from me.
Black Elk	The soldiers did go away and their towns were torn down; and in the Moon of Falling Leaves (November), they made a treaty with Red Cloud that said our country would be ours as long as grass should grow and water flow.
Black Elk	My friend, I am going to tell you the story of my life, as you wish; and if it were only the story of my life I think I would not tell it; for what is one man that he should make much of his winters, even when they bend him like a heavy snow?
Black Elk	If you will read again what is written, you will see how it was.
Black Elk	And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
Black Elk	And while I stood there I saw more than I can tell and I understood more than I saw; for I was seeing in a sacred manner the shapes of all things in the spirit, and the shape of all shapes as they must live together like one being.
Black Elk	Now suddenly there was nothing but a world of cloud, and we three were there alone in the middle of a great white plain with snowy hills and mountains staring at us; and it was very still; but there were whispers.
Black Elk	There can never be peace between nations until there is first known that true peace which is within the souls of men.
Black Elk	Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss.
Black Elk	The boys of my people began very young to learn the ways of men, and no one taught us; we just learned by doing what we saw, and we were warriors at a time when boys now are like girls.
Black Elk	After the horse dance was over, it seemed that I was above the ground and did not touch it when I walked.
Black Elk	I cured with the power that came through me.
Black Elk	To use the power of the bison, I had to perform that part of my vision for the people to see.
Black Elk	You see, I had been riding with the storm clouds, and had come to earth as rain, and it was drought that I had killed with the power that the Six Grandfathers gave me.
Black Elk	And if the great fear had not come upon me, as it did, and forced me to do my duty, I might have been less good to the people than some man who had never dreamed at all, even with the memory of so great a vision in me.
Black Elk	You remember that my great vision came to me when I was only nine years old, and you have seen that I was not much good for anything until after I had performed the horse dance near the mouth of the Tongue River during my eighteenth summer.
Black Elk	But I think I have done right to save the vision in this way, even though I may die sooner because I did it; for I know the meaning of the vision is wise and beautiful and good; and you can see that I am only a pitiful old man after all.
Black Elk	They told me I had been sick twelve days, lying like dead all the while, and that Whirlwind Chaser, who was Standing Bear's uncle and a medicine man, had brought me back to life.
Black Elk	I was four years old then, and I think it must have been the next summer that I first heard the voices.
Black Elk	I think I have told you, but if I have not, you must have understood, that a man who has a vision is not able to use the power of it until after he has performed the vision on earth for the people to see.
Black Elk	I looked below and saw my people there, and all were well and happy except one, and he was lying like the dead - and that one was myself.
Blaise Pascal	When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.
Blaise Pascal	Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary.
Blaise Pascal	Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
Blaise Pascal	Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all; if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.
Blaise Pascal	Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Blaise Pascal	Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
Blaise Pascal	The heart has its reasons of which reason knows nothing.
Blaise Pascal	There is a God shaped vacuum in the heart of every man which cannot be filled by any created thing, but only by God, the Creator, made known through Jesus.
Blaise Pascal	There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous.
Blaise Pascal	Do you wish people to think well of you? Don't speak well of yourself.
Blaise Pascal	In faith there is enough light for those who want to believe and enough shadows to blind those who don't.
Blaise Pascal	Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Blaise Pascal	There are two kinds of people one can call reasonable: those who serve God with all their heart because they know him, and those who seek him with all their heart because they do not know him.
Blaise Pascal	All men's miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.
Blaise Pascal	Man's greatness lies in his power of thought.
Blaise Pascal	Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarrelled with him?
Blaise Pascal	Faith is different from proof; the latter is human, the former is a Gift from God.
Blaise Pascal	The strength of a man's virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts.
Blaise Pascal	Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Blaise Pascal	Little things console us because little things afflict us.
Blaise Pascal	Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.
Blaise Pascal	Human beings must be known to be loved; but Divine beings must be loved to be known.
Blaise Pascal	Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.
Blaise Pascal	We sail within a vast sphere, ever drifting in uncertainty, driven from end to end.
Blaise Pascal	The weather and my mood have little connection. I have my foggy and my fine days within me; my prosperity or misfortune has little to do with the matter.
Blake Edwards	Nothing matters but the facts. Without them, the science of criminal investigation is nothing more than a guessing game.
Blake Edwards	Shame is an unhappy emotion invented by pietists in order to exploit the human race.
Blake Edwards	I reckon this could mean another 10 million at the box office.
Blake Edwards	Being thrown out of this place is significantly better than being thrown out of a leper colony.
Blake Edwards	If you still want to kill him, do me a favor and take him outside. Those are new sheets.
Blake Edwards	There's so few people in this town with a conscience.
Blake Edwards	It's been my experience that every time I think I know where it's at, it's usually somewhere else.
Blake Edwards	Don't just stand there, idiot. Call a doctor, and then help me find a nose.
Blu Cantrell	Men are more prone to cheating, definitely.
Blu Cantrell	I am disappointed in the music business, I feel like a lot of people in the music business are phoney, there's a lot of people who will abuse and take my kindness.
Blu Cantrell	You know, I do not think it is necessarily looks, I do not think I am the prettiest girl... Everyone has something that is their asset, some have the hair, some have the cheekbones, others have the lips. But once you know what is your asset, then you should capitalize on it.
Blu Cantrell	I feel like I'm a very good role model for women.
Blu Cantrell	The word of the mouth is a very powerful thing and you can say something about someone that is not necessarily true, but people will believe it and it will become a constant reminder and every time that your name is bought up, that will come up.
Blu Cantrell	There's so much left to achieve, there's so much more to do, there's so much that has not been done.
Blu Cantrell	I am a role model, definitely and I definitely support women.
Blu Cantrell	I really liked working with Sean Paul; he is a very attractive guy, very hot. He was fun; the chemistry was really great, it was great to be in the moment.
Blu Cantrell	I think you can feel the pain I've experienced in my music. It's something that a lot of people can relate to.
Blythe Danner	I feel that its our children who do give us hope because they are the ones who are going to save the world.
Blythe Danner	I've kept my sanity in this business by trying out for a role and then going home and trying to forget about it.
Blythe Danner	I loved the first Christmas I had in England.
Blythe Danner	Mostly, I spend my time being a mother to my two children, working in my organic garden, raising masses of sweet peas, being passionately involved in conservation, recycling and solar energy.
Blythe Danner	Whether you're on TV or on the stage, you have to work hard to stay fresh, real, and full of energy. You can't settle back. You always have to stay on your toes.
Blythe Danner	For a woman who's a widow and pretty much a loner, I can walk out, and I'm surrounded by NYU kids. The energy jumps off the sidewalks, and I never feel sad or bored.
Blythe Danner	I got to Broadway a year after I came to New York. I starred in 'Butterflies Are Free' and got a Tony for it. Right out of the gate. Maybe that's why I wasn't very gracious about it. I wasn't driven. And right after 'Butterflies Are Free', I got married and then started a family. I always wanted that.
Blythe Danner	I live in New York, and when you're older and widowed, it's a perfect place because you just don't feel lonely there, and, luckily, I like my own company, too.
Blythe Danner	I think I have a lot of crazy layers.
Blythe Danner	Just look at my face. Its an extraordinary experience. All of my friends who are grandparents have been saying, just wait, a bit cynically, but its just extraordinary. You feel like a child again yourself. Just walking on air.
Blythe Danner	Acting is really only part of my life. I'm addicted to it.
Blythe Danner	Actors are very generous.
Blythe Danner	I feel a little guilty only being an actor.
Blythe Danner	I loved doing Shakespeare. My two favorite roles, in fact, have been Viola in Twelfth Night and Helena in A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Blythe Danner	I think one of my very favorite films of all time was with Peter Sellers when he played Chauncey, the gardener. Being There.
Blythe Danner	I try to avoid a specific image. I seek to play as many different women as I can to avoid having a label put on me.
Blythe Danner	It was in high school that I first became interested in acting. We put on lots of plays.
Blythe Danner	Maybe subconsciously I've kept activism separate from acting because it's important to me in a more profound way.
Blythe Danner	Being a grandmother is probably the most important thing to me. I have two really rambunctious little ones, and I love spending time with them.
Blythe Danner	I am always happiest in an ensemble.
Blythe Danner	I don't give my advice unless it's asked for.
Blythe Danner	I really do like being independent, and I don't want to have to rely on anyone else to cart me around if I break a bone.
Blythe Danner	I really pulled back on my career when the kids were young and my husband and I made a pact never to work while the other one was.
Blythe Danner	I've always had a middling kind of a career, not great highs and great lows.
Blythe Danner	My family was very musical. My brother is an opera singer; my parents both sang.
Bo Bennett	For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth.
Bo Bennett	The discipline you learn and character you build from setting and achieving a goal can be more valuable than the achievement of the goal itself.
Bo Bennett	Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
Bo Bennett	Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization.
Bo Bennett	Without initiative, leaders are simply workers in leadership positions.
Bo Bennett	Martial arts is not about fighting; it's about building character.
Bo Bennett	Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.
Bo Bennett	Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Bo Bennett	I like to think of sales as the ability to gracefully persuade, not manipulate, a person or persons into a win-win situation.
Bo Bennett	A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
Bo Bennett	Not managing your time and making excuses are two bad habits. Don't put them both together by claiming you 'don't have the time'.
Bo Bennett	A dream collage is pictures of your goals. It is like your future photo album.
Bo Bennett	Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can't be done.
Bo Bennett	True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity.
Bo Bennett	Diplomacy is more than saying or doing the right things at the right time, it is avoiding saying or doing the wrong things at any time.
Bo Bennett	Resume: a written exaggeration of only the good things a person has done in the past, as well as a wish list of the qualities a person would like to have.
Bo Bennett	Never expect people to treat you any better than you treat yourself.
Bo Bennett	Every day, people settle for less than they deserve. They are only partially living or at best living a partial life. Every human being has the potential for greatness.
Bo Bennett	A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
Bo Bennett	Enthusiasm is not the same as just being excited. One gets excited about going on a roller coaster. One becomes enthusiastic about creating and building a roller coaster.
Bo Bennett	When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
Bo Bennett	The only place opportunity cannot be found is in a closed-minded person.
Bo Bennett	Most of us are consumed with our own thoughts and desires and are not always thinking about what other people may want. This is not necessarily being egocentric; it is just being human.
Bo Bennett	An objection is not a rejection; it is simply a request for more information.
Bo Bennett	If you are only doing what you are getting paid for, and doing it no better than the average employee, then your pay is most likely right where it should be.
Bo Jackson	Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Bo Jackson	I also tell them that your education can take you way farther than a football, baseball, track, or basketball will - that's just the bottom line.
Bo Jackson	I would say my greatest achievement in life right now - my greatest achievement period is - and I'm still trying to achieve it - is to be a wonderful father to my kids.
Bo Jackson	If I miss anything about the sport, it's the camaraderie of old teammates.
Bo Jackson	I am a firm believer in if you can't get it the old fashioned way, you don't need it.
Bo Jackson	I always wanted to be a pilot.
Bo Jackson	If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
Bo Jackson	I was a pitcher, shortstop and outfielder, and the Yankees tried to sign me out of high school as a first-round draft pick in 1981. I turned them down to go to college.
Bo Jackson	Back before I injured my hip, I thought going to the gym was for wimps.
Bo Jackson	I have no problem with my hips - I can still do the things that I used to do. I can run, I'm just not the fastest person on the field anymore.
Bo Jackson	Don't sell yourself short because without that you can't go far in life because after sports the only thing you know is sports and you can't do anything else with that.
Bo Jackson	My favorite driver is always either the bad guy or the underdog.
Bo Jackson	My workout was running down fly balls, stealing a base, or running for my life on the football field.
Bo Jackson	As a 9th grader, I competed with the high school kids and out of 600 people, I finished 10th.
Bo Jackson	Being the 8th out of 10 kids, and being the one that stayed in trouble, I sort of became a momma's boy.
Bo Jackson	First of all, I really never imagined myself being a professional athlete.
Bo Jackson	I hate to blow my own horn, but I gave a lot of people fits.
Bo Jackson	I love going out and doing new things.
Bo Jackson	I was always active - I went from baseball to football. I didn't have time to work out.
Bo Jackson	I've always played with kids that were five, six, seven years older than me.
Bo Jackson	I guarantee you that's what Jeff Gordon does. He uses everything the fans throw at him to stoke his fire and it drives him to be better at what he does.
Bo Jackson	You have a lot of people on the run and really don't have time to sit down and eat a balanced meal.
Bo Jackson	But now in this day and age, people are more prone to go out to try new things to enhance their performance on the field - to enhance their physical appearance.
Bo Jackson	It occurred to me in my junior year of high school. I got my first letter from a big college. I still have that letter to this day - a letter from Indiana.
Bo Jackson	So, baseball is probably more physical of the two mentally.
B.o.B	Sometimes for a lot of new artists, they don't have a vision, really, or know what they want to say; it's kind of drawn out for them. But me, because I'm such a transcendental thinker, it's always like a journey and an adventure with each project. It's like going through a different doorway each time.
B.o.B	If you break up with your partner, go straight to the studio. You're going to make great music.
B.o.B	I do what I want. It's because I got booed and picked on that I really don't care anymore.
B.o.B	All through my life, I was hated on. When I was in middle school, they used to write in my rhyme book, 'You suck' or 'This sucks.'
B.o.B	I don't think you can mix classical music and reggae. It's not possible. But some producer in, like, Norway is going to put it together.
B.o.B	I'm a fan of all these genres of music, everything from Mumford & Sons to Beach Boys to doo-wop music to reggae.
B.o.B	When you have a watch on, it just sets everything off. It's the icing on the cake when it comes to your entire look.
B.o.B	I met will.i.am in the studio and played him a couple of songs and he liked them. We're similar but there's nobody in my lane doing what I'm doing.
B.o.B	I think Gotye is really dope. The music that I enjoy listening to isn't as intense as my music is.
B.o.B	A lot of artists go in the studio and say, 'OK, whaddaya want me to do? Is it gonna be a hit? I'll do it. Is it gonna get played on the radio? I'll do it.' So they start makin' these songs, and they fall in the same tempo, same category, same this, same that, and it'll just all sound the same.
B.o.B	As a hip-hop artist who likes fashion, who can't help but notice people like Kanye West, Tiger, Big Sean and definitely T.I.P. These guys really understand how to be progressive and fashion forward.
B.o.B	I can tell you who I'd like to work with as far as rock legends. Definitely Dave Grohl from the Foo Fighters. Of course Linkin Park. Actually, I already worked with Travis Barker on a couple of things. Gotta let the drummer get some. Possibly Paramore, Hayley Williams.
B.o.B	I like rock music because it's always sonically fascinating. There's never a method to what it needs to sound like. It's just however that instrument comes out that day, whatever the humidity level was in the air, what studio you were at. All that makes that tone that you can't re-create, so each song is like a person.
B.o.B	To me, 'Underground Luxury' is kinda like a contrasting title, and the reason for that is because on this album I plan on introducing to people and reintroducing to people the side of me that they didn't see on the first album.
B.o.B	You have to feel good in what you're wearing; if you don't feel good it's not going to look good. You ever see someone wear something that's crazy and say, 'That's so crazy!' But they look good in it, because they feel good in it - you can just tell.
B.o.B	I've got a transcendental way of thinking about things. I've got a galactic self.
B.o.B	'Nothin' on You' changed my life: I finally feel that I reached the point where I wanna be at. At times I questioned whether it was worth the sacrifice, but now I see it was.
B.o.B	I love Coldplay. The lights, and the sound quality They really play their instruments. Sometimes, during the show, they'll make a mistake and stop. I think they do it intentionally just to show you they're really playing it live.
B.o.B	In kindergarten I had to draw a picture of what I wanted to be when I grew up. I drew a rapper. I didn't really know what a rapper was or what they did - I just wanted to do it.
B.o.B	My music, I feel, has always been experimental, but it had got to a point where I felt disconnected from it completely. I didn't want to be a Clark Kent/Superman: I couldn't really say, 'Well, B.o.B's the old me, and Bobby Ray's the new me.' I had to just make a point.
B.o.B	I want to produce a country album for a country singer.
B.o.B	I'd like to work with Bjork if I could get in the studio with her. We could probably travel to a different planet, you know what I'm saying?
B.o.B	The diverse sound of my music makes it a good fit for that demographic.
B.o.B	I need a stylist to help me pull together a wardrobe. I just don't have a lot of time to go shopping. So I have a stylist that knows what I want to wear, what cut of clothing I like, someone that really thinks and understands what my style and how I want to feel in the clothes.
B.o.B	Rap is something you can just throw on the skillet and fry up real quick. That's how it comes to me, my train of thought. It's like getting dressed - I don't have to sit down and stare at clothes, I just pick what I like and put it on. But rock, you gotta put it in the oven and let it bake.
Bob Balaban	I'm from the Midwest, and I loved my family. I had a very good time as a child, but I was also - I have a theory about Jews growing up in the Midwest, that there is an ultimately sort of wonderful avoidance of a lot of things, and a great acceptance of whatever is happening.
Bob Balaban	People so far have been very fond of the Robert Altman movie, as I am, and when one things goes well it shines light on your other projects and now I seem to have a number of projects that are moving forward.
Bob Balaban	God, I'd love to do a big commercial movie that made a lot of money and whose plot was interesting too.
Bob Balaban	I was born on Wellington Avenue and my family that remains lives in the Lake Shore Drive area.
Bob Balaban	If anyone would have been paying serious attention to my puppet shows, I would have been sent to therapy very young.
Bob Balaban	I mean, the whole idea of movies was it was special to go to see - you went to a movie theater to see something that was magical and amazing, in a very special location.
Bob Balaban	I have a 92 year old father whose doing beautifully who lives in Chicago and a sister and a nephew and a niece and I love coming back and try to do so fairly often.
Bob Balaban	I think some of the special effects in Close Encounters hold up better than the new more expensive special effects is because they were better actually.
Bob Balaban	My family was loving... they were very supportive and very affectionate, and basically I could do what I wanted, and basically it wasn't anything dangerous, thank God.
Bob Balaban	I always think that a director who knows about the technical side, but cares about the acting performances and casting as well, is ahead of the game.
Bob Balaban	I loved being in Close Encounters, just to watch Steven Spielberg working was exciting.
Bob Balaban	Yes I try to do everything I can not to fail hideously.
Bob Balaban	And I think being a good director is being able to be completely tyrannical and you?ve got to be an absolute dictator while at the same time, you have to listen and see everything because it can all change on a dime.
Bob Balaban	But obviously as television began, it so undercut movies that he was trying to think of a way to combine seeing these special things, and the fact that people were just captivated by the magic box.
Bob Balaban	I'm from Chicago, my family started a chain of movie theaters in Chicago that were around for 70 years and then one of them became the head of Paramount and the other was the head of production at MGM and we all came out of Chicago.
Bob Balaban	I produced and directed a movie a couple years ago that won some awards that Samuel Goldwyn released called 'The Last Good Time'. I wrote, produced and directed it, but I wasn't in it.
Bob Balaban	I was very much in my room with my marionette stage, you know, creating these incredibly boring things that I felt were so fascinating, and forcing my relatives to come, and charging money for them to see my little productions.
Bob Balaban	I've directed a fair amount of television series - so I'm always trying to learn new things. One episode was all hand-held and I'm trying to get better at when you should do things and when you should just shut up and watch what the people are saying.
Bob Balaban	Maybe I was 7 - I probably am exaggerating a little - and immediately was plunged into the fact that there was an official place to put your fantasies. Up until then I didn't know what I would do with them all. It was very exciting for me, and I began very, very early on.
Bob Balaban	My dad was born in Chicago in 1908... his parents came from Russia. They settled in Chicago, where they lived in a little tiny grocery store with eight or nine children - in the backroom all together - and my grandmother got the idea to go into the movie business.
Bob Balaban	My dad was the baby. When he was born they were already successful. They sent him to business school - he probably would have loved to have been a poet or a writer or something, and he was very creative.
Bob Balaban	Oh, I was completely hooked on movies and plays and theater from the time I was a day old - I was very, very early on in love with movies and I loved plays.
Bob Dylan	A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Bob Dylan	Take care of all your memories. For you cannot relive them.
Bob Dylan	No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky.
Bob Dylan	You're going to die. You're going to be dead. It could be 20 years, it could be tomorrow, anytime. So am I. I mean, we're just going to be gone. The world's going to go on without us. All right now. You do your job in the face of that, and how seriously you take yourself you decide for yourself.
Bob Dylan	There is nothing so stable as change.
Bob Dylan	You hear a lot about God these days: God, the beneficent; God, the all-great; God, the Almighty; God, the most powerful; God, the giver of life; God, the creator of death. I mean, we're hearing about God all the time, so we better learn how to deal with it. But if we know anything about God, God is arbitrary.
Bob Dylan	He not busy being born is busy dying.
Bob Dylan	What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
Bob Dylan	All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
Bob Dylan	I change during the course of a day. I wake and I'm one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else.
Bob Dylan	Inspiration is hard to come by. You have to take it where you find it.
Bob Dylan	Basically you have to suppress your own ambitions in order to be who you need to be.
Bob Dylan	People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.
Bob Dylan	Being noticed can be a burden. Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed. So I disappear a lot.
Bob Dylan	Democracy don't rule the world, You'd better get that in your head; This world is ruled by violence, But I guess that's better left unsaid.
Bob Dylan	A mistake is to commit a misunderstanding.
Bob Dylan	I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
Bob Dylan	I'm more of an adventurous type than a relationship type.
Bob Dylan	I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds.
Bob Dylan	This land is your land and this land is my land, sure, but the world is run by those that never listen to music anyway.
Bob Dylan	You can't be happy by doing something groovy.
Bob Dylan	A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it.
Bob Dylan	Some people seem to fade away but then when they are truly gone, it's like they didn't fade away at all.
Bob Dylan	A poem is a naked person... Some people say that I am a poet.
Bob Dylan	To live outside the law, you must be honest.
Bob Edwards	A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad.
Bob Edwards	Nobody cares about your wardrobe, what your tie looks like, or even if you're wearing one, and I don't.
Bob Edwards	The pictures are created by the listener, with a little help from the broadcaster. The pictures are perfect. If you're showing pictures, different things in that picture can distract from the spoken word.
Bob Edwards	At a tiny station in New Albany, Indiana, which is right across from the river from Louisville, Kentucky, where I grew up. The Louisville stations were loath to hire beginners, so I had to go across the river.
Bob Edwards	When Solomon said there was a time and a place for everything he had not encountered the problem of parking his automobile.
Bob Edwards	Never exaggerate your faults, your friends will attend to that.
Bob Edwards	Now I know what a statesman is; he's a dead politician. We need more statesmen.
Bob Edwards	With radio, the listener absorbs everything.
Bob Edwards	In my case, the listener is often in an automobile driving to work. You can concentrate on the road while still getting an audio message that can be riveting.
Bob Edwards	In college, I got interested in news because the world was coming apart. The civil rights movement, the antiwar movement, the women's right movement. That focused my radio ambitions toward news.
Bob Edwards	That's the problem with news interviews, you work your tail off to get prominent figures in the news on the radio, but once they've been on, the event passes, the urgency, the issues you talked about evaporate.
Bob Edwards	But when you see personal artifacts relating to - by genealogy at least - a living human being, it was just more impressive to me than just about anything I've ever read about slavery before.
Bob Edwards	I think we're doing the right things for the right reasons. We're not doing it to sell products. We're not doing it to be popular. We're doing it because in our judgment these stories are important to do, and at this length and this much depth.
Bob Edwards	Good things just keep happening.
Bob Edwards	Between 2 and 5 I'm reading in to find out what's been going on while I've been asleep.
Bob Edwards	I go home by noon, and I'm in bed by 6 p.m. I get up at 1 and do it again.
Bob Edwards	I got to know every format of every station and who was on and what time.
Bob Edwards	I used to listen to the soap operas with my grandmother.
Bob Edwards	I wake about 1 a.m. I'm in the office by 2 a.m. We're on the air at 5.
Bob Edwards	I wanted to be one of the voices in the box.
Bob Edwards	I was encouraged to read aloud in class and vocalize.
Bob Edwards	I'm a very straight-laced, conservative news kind of guy.
Bob Edwards	I've never been able to predict the future of anything.
Bob Edwards	If you want anything done well, do it yourself. This is why most people laugh at their own jokes.
Bob Edwards	It's also a more personal medium. It seems to go directly to one's brain. There are no pictures to distract.
Bob Ehrlich	Some of the most important conversations I've ever had occurred at my family's dinner table.
Bob Ehrlich	It's appropriate to celebrate public service, and the thoughtful people who choose to serve. They symbolize what is good and decent about this historic citizen legislature, and we thank them.
Bob Ehrlich	My capital budget maintains my commitment to the education of children, health of the Chesapeake Bay, and safety of all Maryland citizens. We will continue to focus on the five pillars of my Administration as we build today and look forward to the projects of the future.
Bob Ehrlich	Every Maryland family wants financial security, schools that work, quality healthcare, safer neighborhoods, and ever-expanding economic opportunity. These are the building blocks of a superior quality of life.
Bob Ehrlich	I don't know what leadership is. You can't touch it. You can't feel it. It's not tangible. But I do know this: you recognize it when you see it.
Bob Ehrlich	We discussed politics, but we also talked about the importance of hard work, personal responsibility, living within your means, keeping your word. Those lessons stay with you throughout your life.
Bob Ehrlich	Leadership is about doing what you know is right - even when a growing din of voices around you is trying to convince you to accept what you know to be wrong.
Bob Ehrlich	Thoughtful people of different political philosophies can disagree, but in a very agreeable manner.
Bob Ehrlich	Politics is a contest among people of diverse backgrounds and philosophies, advocating different solutions to common problems. The system only works when principled, energetic people participate.
Bob Ehrlich	Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten.
Bob Ehrlich	I support stem cell research, including embryonic stem cell research.
Bob Ehrlich	I promised her an interesting life and good food, and the rest is history.
Bob Ehrlich	I'm a competitive person.
Bob Ehrlich	Leaders do not sway with the polls. Instead, they sway the polls through their own words and actions.
Bob Ehrlich	I don't pay any attention to what the 'Baltimore Sun' editorial page says about anything.
Bob Ehrlich	We have no more fundamental obligation in government than to ensure the safety of our citizens.
Bob Ehrlich	Serving in Congress has been the honor of a lifetime.
Bob Ehrlich	We're betting, at this place and this time, we have people ready for change in the state of Maryland.
Bob Ehrlich	I've always believed the words that came out of my mouth were most comfortable when I'd written them.
Bob Ehrlich	It's always an uphill battle. You know, I'm a Republican in Maryland. This is the bluest of the blue.
Bob Ehrlich	Maryland has a tradition of Democratic Party conservatism.
Bob Ehrlich	People believed what I said was what I believed.
Bob Ehrlich	The United States Supreme Court has voted 6-3 that voter photo ID is constitutional.
Bob Ehrlich	We can dig ourselves out of the ditch that the progressives and Obama-ites have driven us into.
Bob Ehrlich	A complete investment in the Obama administration required that any real opposition had to be demonized. The investment in Barack Obama had to be protected.
Bob Feller	Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Bob Feller	The soldiers that didn't come back were the heroes. It's a roll of the dice. If a bullet has your name on it, you're a hero. If you hear a bullet go by, you're a survivor.
Bob Feller	Life comes down to honesty and doing what's right. That's what's most important.
Bob Feller	If you ask the people in Europe who won World War II, they don't say the Allies; they say the United States won the war and saved the world.
Bob Feller	When I pick up the ball and it feels nice and light and small I know I'm going to have a good day. But if I picked it up and it's big and heavy, I know I'm liable to get into a little trouble.
Bob Feller	My father kept me busy from dawn to dusk when I was a kid. When I wasn't pitching hay, hauling corn or running a tractor, I was heaving a baseball into his mitt behind the barn... If all the parents in the country followed his rule, juvenile delinquency would be cut in half in a year's time.
Bob Feller	I'm no hero. Heroes don't come back. Survivors return home. Heroes never come home. If anyone thinks I'm a hero, I'm not.
Bob Feller	If you believe your catcher is intelligent and you know that he has considerable experience, it is a good thing to leave the game almost entirely in his hands.
Bob Feller	Baseball is only a game, a game of inches and a lot of luck. During a time of all-out war, sports are very insignificant.
Bob Feller	You can talk about teamwork on a baseball team, but I'll tell you, it takes teamwork when you have 2,900 men stationed on the U.S.S. Alabama in the South Pacific.
Bob Feller	I was only a gun captain on the battleship Alabama for 34 months. People have called me a hero for that, but I'll tell you this - heroes don't come home. Survivors come home.
Bob Feller	I try to be a good human being and keep up with what's going on in the world by reading and staying in touch with the current events.
Bob Feller	I would rather beat the Yankees regularly than pitch a no hit game.
Bob Feller	Nobody lives forever and I've had a blessed life.
Bob Feller	Sympathy is something that shouldn't be bestowed upon the Yankees. Apparently it angers them.
Bob Feller	I did what any American could and should do: serve his country in its time of need.
Bob Feller	I needed to join the Navy. If you ask the people in Europe who won World War II, they don't say the Allies, they say the United States won the war and saved the world.
Bob Feller	I went on inactive duty in August 1945, and since I had stayed in such good shape and had played ball on military teams, I was ready to start for the Indians just two days later, against the Tigers.
Bob Feller	The difference between relief pitching when I did it today is simple, there is too much of it. It's one of those cases where more is not necessarily better.
Bob Feller	I spent 34 months on the battleship Alabama, South Dakota-class. I was a gun captain. First we went to Russia for about 11 months with the British convoys. Then we were up in Norway and Scandinavia.
Bob Feller	There was great leadership in this country at the time of World War II. There was also unrelenting resolve at home, in America's factories and on the farms, in the cities and the country.
Bob Feller	Nowadays, they have more trouble packing hair dryers than baseball equipment.
Bob Feller	Where the ball went was up to heaven. Sometimes I threw the ball clean up into the stands.
Bob Feller	I don't think baseball owes colored people anything. I don't think colored people owe baseball anything, either.
Bob Feller	Ted Williams was the greatest hitter I ever saw, but DiMaggio was the greatest all around player.
Bob Iger	The heart and soul of the company is creativity and innovation.
Bob Iger	The riskiest thing we can do is just maintain the status quo.
Bob Iger	What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.
Bob Iger	I have a fondness for jazz, particularly for jazz singers, Billie Holiday and Ella Fitzgerald all the way through the Sinatra era.
Bob Iger	Sometimes I feel like I'm a contestant in a reality show that probably would be called The Apprentice Survivor Millionaire.
Bob Iger	I get up at 4:30 in the morning, seven days a week, no matter where I am in the world.
Bob Iger	I'm committed to increasing long-term value for shareholders and am confident we will continue to do so through the successful execution of our core strategic priorities: the creation of high quality, branded content and experiences, the use of technology, and creating growth in numerous and exciting international markets.
Bob Iger	People still love a good story, and I don't think that will change.
Bob Iger	I began as a weatherman and I learned very quickly I wasn't very good at it.
Bob Iger	I'm privileged and grateful to lead The Walt Disney Company and our talented, dedicated team at this exciting time.
Bob Iger	Keeping it simple for the consumer is incredibly dire.
Bob Iger	For us to grow globally, it's not enough to just be an exporter. We have to be a creator.
Bob Iger	I don't want to sound too critical, but we're taking a wait-and-see approach on UltraViolet.
Bob Iger	I drive myself to and from work. I love the privacy.
Bob Iger	I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week, and work out with a trainer, lifting weights.
Bob Iger	I started off wanting very much to be a newscaster.
Bob Iger	I think it is important for people who are given leadership roles to assume that role immediately.
Bob Iger	I think it is incredibly important to be open and accessible and treat people fairly and look them in the eye and tell them what is on your mind.
Bob Iger	People don't like to follow pessimists.
Bob Iger	We have a unique opportunity as Disney because it really is the only true global entertainment brand.
Bob Iger	We're delighted to be working with Apple to offer fans a new and innovative way to experience our wildly popular shows.
Bob Iger	It's in our best interest to put some of the old rules aside and create new ones and follow the consumer - what the consumer wants and where the consumer wants to go.
Bob Iger	Netflix, Amazon, iTunes - whatever platforms emerge - we are looking at as having the same potential that home video had for the movie business. Which means there are entirely new opportunities to monetize our capital investment in content and do so in ways that work for distributors, for consumers and for creators.
Bob Iger	Are there challenges? Absolutely. But in aggregate, this is a very strong and valuable company.
Bob Iger	We really believe that Walt Disney is a very able company with great depth and a great set of franchises.
Bob Inglis	So when you're dealing with an existential threat like death or like climate change, if you see it as 'we are all toast anyway,' then denial is a pretty good way of coping.
Bob Inglis	For example, a breakthrough in better batteries could supplant hydrogen. Better solar cells could replace or win out in this race to the fuel of the future. Those, I see, as the three big competitors: hydrogen, solar cells and then better batteries.
Bob Inglis	It's clear that we need comprehensive immigration reform.
Bob Inglis	We are a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants.
Bob Inglis	So I submit to my colleagues here today that hydrogen is not as far away as we think it is.
Bob Inglis	The freedom to convert is fundamental to freedom of religion.
Bob Inglis	Most of us complain about Congress. We say it's a place that doesn't reflect us; they don't listen to us. Actually, Congress well reflects the American people. It gives us exactly what we ask for.
Bob Inglis	I voted for the Deficit Reduction Package with significant heartburn over the student aid provisions.
Bob Inglis	So I'm a pretty conservative fellow, but not conservative enough for the Tea Party.
Bob Inglis	We added Medicare Part D to a system facing bankruptcy and gave no thought to means testing it.
Bob Inglis	We should be trying to make education less expensive, not more.
Bob Inglis	I represented the 4th District of South Carolina... from the election '92 until election '98. And then I was out six years and then came back for another six years between the election 2004 and the election 2010.
Bob Inglis	NSF is the only federal agency with a proven track record of selecting education projects through a rigorous, careful and competitive process that draws on a wide variety of experts from outside government.
Bob Inglis	We in Congress need to support the American forces in every conceivable way, giving them the tools to continue to convert, capture or kill terrorists and the time to equip the Iraqi security forces.
Bob Marley	Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live!
Bob Marley	Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?
Bob Marley	One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Bob Marley	The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires, but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.
Bob Marley	Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Marley	The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Bob Marley	If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.
Bob Marley	Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Bob Marley	Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!
Bob Marley	Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
Bob Marley	The devil ain't got no power over me. The devil come, and me shake hands with the devil. Devil have his part to play. Devil's a good friend, too... because when you don't know him, that's the time he can mosh you down.
Bob Marley	Every man gotta right to decide his own destiny.
Bob Marley	In this bright future you can't forget your past.
Bob Marley	When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
Bob Marley	Herb is the healing of a nation, alcohol is the destruction.
Bob Marley	None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bob Marley	I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.
Bob Marley	When one door is closed, don't you know, another is open.
Bob Marley	Me only have one ambition, y'know. I only have one thing I really like to see happen. I like to see mankind live together - black, white, Chinese, everyone - that's all.
Bob Marley	God sent me on earth. He send me to do something, and nobody can stop me. If God want to stop me, then I stop. Man never can.
Bob Marley	You not supposed to feel down over whatever happen to you. I mean, you're supposed to use whatever happen to you as some type of upper, not a downer.
Bob Marley	I no have education. I have inspiration. If I was educated, I would be a damn fool.
Bob Marley	If something can corrupt you, you're corrupted already.
Bob Marley	Babylon is everywhere. You have wrong and you have right. Wrong is what we call Babylon, wrong things. That is what Babylon is to me. I could have born in England, I could have born in America, it make no difference where me born, because there is Babylon everywhere.
Bob Marley	Prejudice is a chain, it can hold you. If you prejudice, you can't move, you keep prejudice for years. Never get nowhere with that.
Bobby Cannavale	I seem to be able to get along with anybody when I work because I really enjoy being there.
Bobby Cannavale	I'm an idealist.
Bobby Cannavale	I don't go see big, silly movies. I like small things about regular folks, you know?
Bobby Cannavale	Growing up, I wasn't an athlete or anything like that. The only place I felt like I belonged was in the theater.
Bobby Cannavale	I'm getting a lot of uninteresting romantic lead guys that look good and fall in love sort of garbage.
Bobby Cannavale	I never thought I would get married and have kids. I thought I was going to be a gypsy actor, traveling all over the world playing the great roles. I ended up having a kid very young, and it put things in perspective.
Bobby Cannavale	I'm not very good in a classroom sort of setting. I never was. I was kind of a clown in high school - got suspended a lot.
Bobby Cannavale	I always wanted to have a career that would keep me at home in New York so I can work in the theater all the time and be involved in the creative process from the ground up.
Bobby Cannavale	I just want different parts; I wanna be that guy who people mention and they don't know who you're talking about until you say a few movies they've been in and then people are amazed that it's the same person.
Bobby Cannavale	I like flawed characters very much. A lot of times I get asked to do parts that are kind of small but key - three-scene roles that are three kick-ass scenes. Growing up, watching as many movies as I did, I was always into character actors like that.
Bobby Cannavale	I've never won an award for anything, and I think it's weird. I mean, that's really cool but it's strange to think you could get an award for acting. I always thought that was strange.
Bobby Darin	Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.
Bobby Darin	My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.
Bobby Darin	My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.
Bobby Darin	I am now a turtle. Virtually everything I own is on my back and suffice it to say I am one ton lighter and therefore 2,000 pounds happier. All houses are gone.
Bobby Darin	A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
Bobby Darin	It isn't true that you live only once. You only die once. You live lots of times, if you know how.
Bobby Darin	Who am I that I have to sing under an umbrella? These people are my fans, and if they can stand in the rain to hear me sing, I can stand in the rain.
Bobby Darin	If you don't try, if you don't do something for yourself, you won't get anywhere.
Bobby Darin	Everybody, sooner or later, will have to go under the knife. Let's hope they make out as well as I did.
Bobby Darin	Mr. Burns comes out and flips cigar ashes on his shoes, and makes up about 90 percent of what you hear.
Bobby Darin	I want to make it faster than anyone has ever made it before. I'd like to be a legend by the time I'm 25.
Bobby Darin	You're either sexy or you're not. I'm very self-conscious about my physiognomy.
Bobby Darin	A comedian's body is funny as well as his mind being funny, his whole personage is funny.
Bobby Darin	I think Flip Wilson is a brillant comedian.
Bobby Darin	Just call me a family man and an actor who digs his whole scene, side interests and all. Just say I feel mighty good at the ripe old age of 27.
Bobby Darin	Show me any top entertainer or top business executive, and I'll show you a guy who has mapped out his life from the very start.
Bobby Darin	I could have a roomful of awards and it wouldn't mean beans.
Bobby Darin	I don't know what it is to love the way they love-they would jump off a bridge for me. I can't do that. I can only say, I owe you.
Bobby Darin	I've done a lot of things and I've been a lot of people, but now I've come to realize who I am.
Bobby Darin	Maybe I should quit the business. There's no one left for me to love. Mama's dead. Mr. Burns couldn't care less about me. What's left?
Bobby Darin	Nearly everything I do is part of a master plan to make me the most important entertainer in the world.
Bobby Darin	Sure my career means a hell of a lot, but it will never come before Sandy and my son.
Bobby Darin	I drilled holes in the floor of the club, and it's sinking.
Bobby Darin	I'm more married to Sandy now than when we were married with the legal document. We're still married as parents.
Bobby Darin	I have worked with a great many comedians as opposed to comics, although I have worked with comics as well, I make the distinction.
Bobby Farrelly	The only thing we don't do together is get in front of an actor and show any indecision at all about what we think. We don't always agree, so we meet privately, then one or the other will approach the actor.
Bobby Farrelly	I think we both have some darkness in us. But when we are together, we tend to concentrate more on the light.
Bobby Farrelly	We wanted to do a sequel with Jim and Jeff. They said that the word was that Jim didn't want to do any sequels. We approached him and he said he would do it, but not until next year. New Line said it was too long to wait.
Bobby Farrelly	I just feel I'm on a different page from the reviewers, so I've learned not to care about them too much.
Bobby Farrelly	I think that's the key to being a director: to be able to get the shot and move on quickly.
Bobby Farrelly	In comedy, though, it's good to get feedback from the audience about what they find funny.
Bobby Farrelly	We feel that what's too far is when you make a joke and somebody gets hurt.
Bobby Farrelly	We want the best actor, and that's why Matt Damon worked so well in this role, because he's a great actor.
Bobby Farrelly	Clint Eastwood. Here's a guy who's been involved in so many movies, lots of them masterpieces, and now he's a director. I just like everything I know about him. He's very decisive, he makes up his mind real quick.
Bobby Farrelly	I feel reviewers are tougher on comedies in general. They don't take them seriously, and the ones that get great reviews are not necessarily the ones that I like.
Bobby Farrelly	I know people watch our movies and they'll see a lot of images - they call it gross-out - that they don't like, and I understand that. It's an important movie and one that's extremely well done, but the amount of violent imagery was not for me.
Bobby Farrelly	I think the last one would have to be The Godfather because it was such a powerful story. There was lots of violence in it but I could take it because I thought there was a reality to it. It wasn't gratuitous, it was just these guys' story.
Bobby Farrelly	It's a big part of what we do - we test our movies extensively. I'm always there myself. It's sometimes difficult to sit through, especially if it's a version of the movie that's not working particularly well.
Bobby Farrelly	We love the Stooges, and young kids today don't watch them. They think it's their dad's comedy. So we thought we could reintroduce them to a new audience.
Bobby Farrelly	Well, there are conjoined twins in real life and we can tell a story about them so long as they're not the brunt of the jokes. In this, they're the heroes of this story; we love these guys.
Bobby Farrelly	You know, I can't remember the last movie I walked out of. If I pay, I'll see it through. I can't be halfway through a movie and think that I know everything that's going to happen, because I hope that I'm wrong.
Bobby Ray Inman	And Oliver North was really a good soldier, up to the last moment, shoving memos into the shredder and defending the policy to the end.
Bobby Ray Inman	I can remember - I don't want to identify the individual - but a very prominent Democrat, who compared looking at Carter and then Reagan, and then Bush, and observed that many of the people around Carter were totally disloyal to him.
Bobby Ray Inman	You want to keep intelligence separate from policy.
Bobby Ray Inman	Zealots often carry the day.
Bobby Ray Inman	Iraq is not about oil.
Bobby Ray Inman	The standard rumor at the time was that Rumsfeld, as chief of staff, had persuaded President Ford to appoint George H.W. Bush as director of Central Intelligence, assuming that that got rid of a potential competitor for the presidency.
Bobby Ray Inman	Another factor is the decision, made in 1976, to sharply divide the FBI and the foreign intelligence agencies. The FBI would collect within the United States; the foreign intelligence agencies would collect overseas.
Bobby Ray Inman	As best I can tell there was no advance warning of the attack on the World Trade Center in 1993, which was the first significant foreign terrorist activity in the U.S. No tip-offs that it was coming.
Bobby Ray Inman	Myself, I don't think you will ever get security in the Mideast until you have what on the surface appears to be fair to both sides. You have to have leaders committed to peace, on both sides. One side can't impose a solution.
Boman Irani	One can understand a person by the way he removes his wallet and puts his hand to take out money.
Boman Irani	My theory is children don't do what you tell them to do, they do what you do. You have to always do the right thing because they follow you.
Boman Irani	To find one's calling is perhaps not the easiest thing in the world, but probably the most important.
Boman Irani	It used to bug me that I couldn't even afford to take my family for a proper holiday. I didn't have any professional knowledge, and getting a photographer's job in a magazine was out of the question. So, armed with a Pentax K1000, I started going to various maidans of Mumbai, looking for subjects.
Boman Irani	Sometime you go out and you wonder why these people are standing in the rain, and then you realize that years ago you were a fan, too. I, too, was chased by cops for watching my favourite celebrities.
Boman Irani	I don't mind being identified as any character as long as I'm doing a good job as an actor. I have done all kinds of roles - from an editor, judge, police officer, murderer to a corrupt businessman.
Boman Irani	I like the cold; I don't have problem with cold, and I don't have problem with rain either, as long as people are smiling. You know, early in my career, I used to wonder about this fan frenzy, but now I realize that there is genuine love, respect and affection, which makes me very proud to be an actor.
Boman Irani	I was overjoyed when I was offered the title role in 'Well Done Abba.' I was ready for the role even before I heard the story because you don't ask questions when it is Shyam Benegal's film. It is the chance of a lifetime.
Boman Irani	Nothing was planned in my career. I just went with the flow and took everything that came to me. Selling potato chips was obvious, as it was a family business. When friends suggested I should try theatre, I gave it a shot. Then I did a lot of advertisements, and then movies happened.
Boman Irani	Chilli ice cream doesn't taste bad. But I wouldn't eat it again.
Boman Irani	Fear is one thing that can ruin everything. It's the greatest problem.
Boman Irani	I'm an actor, and I don't look at myself as providing comic relief. I have done diverse and dark roles such as a psycho, murderer, and others in films such as 'Don', 'Eklavya' and '3 Idiots.'
Boman Irani	Once, Naseeruddin Shah told me that the wafer shop was the best acting school that I could have attended. And I completely agree. I observed every customer very minutely and picked up some quirk or the other. Later, I used those experiences while playing different characters.
Boman Irani	Shyam Benegal has found a lovely voice in this film. We've all seen the kind of cinema he's come up with over the years. His films like 'Mandi,' 'Manthan,' 'Sooraj Ka Saatvan Ghoda' all have revolutionised the face of Indian cinema. And in 'Well Done Abba,' he has once again found a relevant subject, which even youngsters can relate with.
Boman Irani	Very few movies remain in public memory as landmark films, and I want to see whether '3 Idiots' will be up there with some of the wonderful films that have come out of this country... Hopefully, we'll come to know in a few years whether it can become one of the great films.
Boman Irani	First, the newcomers are eager to come in front of the camera, and later they are like, 'No, sorry, sorry, no pictures'. What is this? I say fame is a very dangerous and bitter thing.
Boman Irani	For me, a director is a director immaterial of the gender. At the end of the day, the audience is only interested in watching a good film.
Boman Irani	I am very proud to be a part of '3 Idiots,' and happy that the character has worked in a big way.
Boman Irani	I don't have a father, but my kids tell me every day that they love me... even when I am not in my best mood.
Boman Irani	I get scared when I think I'm going to miss my flight. I get obsessed when I actually miss a flight.
Boman Irani	I just love to work and spend time with my family. And that's the reason I don't look at the length of the role, but what it has to offer me.
Boman Irani	I still reject lead roles, as I don't accept any role if I don't find it challenging enough. I am very careful while making selections.
Boman Irani	Our film industry as well as the audiences are now open to unconventional pairings and subjects, which has aided my journey greatly.
Boman Irani	The moment you say, 'I want to do a role,' the story suffers. I don't set priorities in terms of roles or scripts.
Boman Irani	I bask in the affection I get on the streets. I recently went into the kitchen of a restaurant to meet the cooks. They were people I didn't know, but what a joy it was meet them! Such experiences wouldn't happen if I were doing only one kind of cinema.
Bonnie Hammer	The biggest mistake to me is complacency.
Bonnie Hammer	I'm very lucky that my husband is a true partner in child-rearing. If I get home late, he gets home early or vice-versa. I travel more, and he's able to spell me when I'm gone.
Bonnie Hammer	My parents did great and provided well, and gave all their kids personal, moral, ethical values, not a belief that we were entitled to something.
Bonnie Hammer	My parents weren't at all in entertainment, but when I look back, something along the line prepared me and opened me up to entertainment.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	We have a shotgun we inherited from my father-in-law, a paranoid Englishman living in Texas. I have a .22 Marlin rifle, similar to the one Annie Oakley had, and my husband has a .357 Magnum pistol. All those are locked up tight, of course. We have a couple of pellet guns that get more use than the real guns.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	A mathematical proof is beautiful, but when you're finished, it's really only about one thing. A story can be about many things.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I think by writing about a place with great specificity, you manage to make it universal.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	When I was little, we lived on 8 acres and my mom had a horse. But when I was 7, my mom kicked my dad out, and then in order to feed us five kids, she got critters cheap or for free and raised them for food. We milked a cow, raised chickens, pigs and beef cattle. We heated our one-story house with wood and stayed cold all winter.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	Writing is so wrapped up in ego, but with math one is just trying to get it right, although you're often wrong. I think math helped me become a good critic of myself, come at writing a little less personally.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I always felt a weird obligation to be adventurous.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	For 'King Cole's American Salvage,' I rode around in the wrecker with a local driver and watched him deal with customers and hook up the cars. I watched the guy who tore apart the cars in the junkyard. I also wrote poems about those guys. I loved hanging around the yard.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I love writing about men. To get by in the world you have to know how men think. Not that all guys think alike, but women tend to think about more things at the same time, an overgeneralization, but I find it easier to make my male characters focus than I do my female characters.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I read stories aloud at every stage. I listen to my writer friends when they kindly offer criticism. I listen to my husband when he tells me something doesn't seem right. I have my mother's boyfriend, Loring Janes, read to make sure I get everything right with the machines and guns.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I've worked behind counters serving food, and I've lived on the circus train, and I've led bicycle tours in Eastern Europe and the Balkans and Russia. I've been a key liner for a newspaper, I've done typesetting. Oh, all sorts of things.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I enjoy shooting. Around where I live, it's something you do for entertainment once in a while, you go out and shoot targets.
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I always know exactly where my stories take place, which gives me something certain so I can use my imagination for the other stuff. I worry though, who wants to keep reading stories about Kalamazoo?
Bonnie Jo Campbell	I mostly write about the working poor. Somehow, they're not being written about much anymore. I'm very interested in people who are in a situation that needs a little puzzling out. The thing that gets me started on a story is a person in a tough situation.
Booker T. Washington	Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
Booker T. Washington	Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
Booker T. Washington	I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.
Booker T. Washington	Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Booker T. Washington	Character is power.
Booker T. Washington	Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Booker T. Washington	I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate him.
Booker T. Washington	No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in tilling a field as in writing a poem.
Booker T. Washington	If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Booker T. Washington	Character, not circumstances, makes the man.
Booker T. Washington	One man cannot hold another man down in the ditch without remaining down in the ditch with him.
Booker T. Washington	If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.
Booker T. Washington	Few things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Booker T. Washington	The individual who can do something that the world wants done will, in the end, make his way regardless of his race.
Booker T. Washington	At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence.
Booker T. Washington	No greater injury can be done to any youth than to let him feel that because he belongs to this or that race he will be advanced in life regardless of his own merits or efforts.
Booker T. Washington	Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.
Booker T. Washington	There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up.
Booker T. Washington	To hold a man down, you have to stay down with him.
Booker T. Washington	No man, who continues to add something to the material, intellectual and moral well-being of the place in which he lives, is left long without proper reward.
Booker T. Washington	There is no power on earth that can neutralize the influence of a high, simple and useful life.
Booker T. Washington	Dignify and glorify common labor. It is at the bottom of life that we must begin, not at the top.
Booker T. Washington	We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers.
Booker T. Washington	You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
Booker T. Washington	We must reinforce argument with results.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	A genocide in Africa has not received the same attention that genocide in Europe or genocide in Turkey or genocide in other part of the world. There is still this kind of basic discrimination against the African people and the African problems.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	For us, genocide was the gas chamber - what happened in Germany. We were not able to realize that with the machete you can create a genocide.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	The change began in Somalia, where we discovered that we were involved in an operation where there was no peace, so there was no more a peacekeeping operation because there was no peace.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	The problem is when you are writing something in retrospective, it needs a lot of courage not to change, or you will forget a certain reality, and you will just take in consideration your view today.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	Rwanda was considered a second-class operation; because it was a small country, we had been able to maintain a kind of status quo. They were negotiating, they'd accepted the new peace project, so we were under the impression that everything would be solved easily.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	I used to say I never talk about my successor, neither about my predecessor.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	We were not realizing that, with just a machete, you can do a genocide.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	But I believe that the DPKO at this time was very much involved with American administration and was acting, taking on consideration the demand or the recommendation of the American administration. American administration was very powerful.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	When you have an accident, they will save their own people, and those who have worked with you or with the NGOs are left. Unfortunately, this happens always. It is not an excuse at all.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	But at the beginning, our definition of the genocide was what happened to Armenia in 1917 or 1919, it's happened to the Jew in Europe, and we were not realizing - In our point of view, they have not the tools to do a genocide.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	In Yugoslavia, I'd asked for additional forces too. I even went to meet the French prime minister, and I proposed additional forces... Nobody wanted to send troops.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	It was a mistake. I was wrong, but I discovered this many years later. I was acting on the basis of this mandate given me by the most important leaders of the world: President Bush's father, prime minister of France, President Mitterand, the Chinese, everybody.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	The fact that you had disruptions in the peace process was not only in Rwanda. We had the same problem in Cambodia, we had the same problem in Mozambique, we had the same problem in Salvador.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	The real problem was not the troops; the real problem was that only the United States had the infrastructure to do the transport of troops with big planes, and then who will pay?
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	We got involved in the Rwanda peace process for the simple reason that there was a decision which was taken by the Security Council, because the troops were in Uganda, and we decided to have a military presence.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	For President Clinton, according to this discussion I had with him, Rwanda was a marginal problem.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	So this is why I'm always say happy that somebody mentions Rwanda, because behind Rwanda, we have Africa.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	The failure of the United Nations - My failure is maybe, in retrospective, that I was not enough aggressive with the members of the Security Council.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	But definitely, when a decision is taken, or when you are trying to oppose a decision, you are in a weaker position than the member states, because they know more about the situation than you. We gave information, but they never gave us any information.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali	There is a greater fatigue concerning the African problem today than five or 10 years ago. The situation now in Africa is worse today than it was 10 years ago.
Brad Falchuk	One of the main pitfalls of any theoretically 'niche' show is that you spend too much time on the 'niche' and not enough time on the 'show.'
Brad Falchuk	Any great character is the combination of a brilliant actor and the right writing.
Brad Falchuk	I love it when characters surprise you, just like real people. When I write a scene I just try to make the characters behave in a way that feels natural to them. Sometimes that means they make a left turn and do something unexpected. Those are always the best scenes in my opinion.
Brad Falchuk	The East Coast, and certainly Boston, has a provincial quality to it that makes it harder to bust out and move up. Try to be too different and they'll pull you down.
Brad Falchuk	Every teenager feels a wanting, a desire for something more, to be heard, to be seen.
Brad Garrett	You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness.
Brad Garrett	It's all I have left in my life, caffeine and a poodle.
Brad Garrett	Humor is healing.
Brad Garrett	I love strong women, not only in life but in craft.
Brad Garrett	I come from the world of improv; I love any show or any vehicle that gives me an opportunity to be in the moment.
Brad Garrett	I was very, very large as a kid and never athletic, and my home life was a little upside down and I never felt comfortable.
Brad Garrett	There's a black man inside of me just trying to make bail.
Brad Garrett	But I believe that there are marriages where you can have your pool table and she can have her scrapbooking room or garden or whatever it is. But when everyone has what they want, it's not funny. There's no conflict.
Brad Garrett	I think we love watching people that are flawed because we're all flawed.
Brad Garrett	I would probably be a teacher if I weren't a comedian.
Brad Garrett	My whole life, I've been telling jokes.
Brad Garrett	Actually, I have my own charity that I started that helps supplement families with terminal children.
Brad Garrett	I believe it's a real tedious hostage negotiation to have a marriage be what it is.
Brad Garrett	I think as any artist you always want to grow; you always want to get better.
Brad Garrett	I'm the type of guy that feels pressure when I have to order dinner. I'm just that type of guy but that's my fuel. I work well with pressure.
Brad Garrett	It's fun to play people who are flawed.
Brad Garrett	We don't take care of our teachers and our cops and our firemen. They should be at the top of our list.
Brad Garrett	Broadway was without doubt the hardest I ever worked in my life and the highest highs I've ever had as an actor. The unadulterated fear was on a level that was hard to explain.
Brad Garrett	I feel very, very grateful. I'm a lucky guy, you need a lot of luck, and then when the cameras roll, you have to have this group of writers, directors, and actors that just gel, and it seems to literally be happening more and more.
Brad Garrett	I think I'm better wired for television. I love variety as far as a project. I'm easily bored and the schedule of a television show, it just keeps you going.
Brad Garrett	It's like whether you're in a huge movie or you've just recorded an incredible album you've got to do the next thing, and that's part of being an artist.
Bradley James	In Merlin, Arthur has a very loyal friend who keeps him on his toes. Arthur enjoys those challenges, and there is a lot of great banter between them. Meanwhile, in Arthur, Merlin has a friend he can really rely on. Merlin knows that when it comes the crunch, Arthur will always do the right thing.
Bradley James	I grew up very much in a sporting background. I always wanted to be an actor, but my escapism always came in sports.
Bradley James	As an actor, when you go for auditions, there are certain roles that come along and you think, 'I really want that one,' and Prince Arthur was definitely one of those.
Bradley James	Because of the nature of King Arthur and the resonance he has, not only with within the U.K., but right around the world, I have found it a huge honour to play the part. I will look back on it very fondly and be very proud to have been King Arthur when I finally hang up the chain mail!
Bradley James	The post-'Merlin' era is an exciting time to look forward to. Variety is the spice of life. That's the fantastic thing about acting - all the different challenges it can provide you with. To limit yourself just to one would be foolish; therefore, I'm looking forward to different things that come my way.
Brandon Adams	Aim higher. Stay focused.
Brandon Adams	I spent most of my young life in the business and missed out on school events. I needed to be a young person and do what I wanted to do.
Brandon Adams	I can sing; I can hold a tune.
Brandon Adams	I was everybody's little boyfriend when I was younger. It's all good. It's just love, you know. I'll take the love. Give it to me.
Brandon Adams	I grew up in Inglewood, L.A., and South Central. I was always humbled by my situation. I would go on set and come home to my neighborhood and my block to my friends, and it would be a whole other story.
Brandon Adams	It's not the part of being a celebrity that's so attractive to me. It's being recognized for your accomplishments and what you've done... becoming closer to what you want to achieve in life.
Brandon T. Jackson	Why don't women have respect for themselves nowadays? What happen to the woman who learned her grandmama's recipes and made her man sweet potato pie? I tell you, they don't make 'em like they used to. Will my real women stand up, please?
Brandon T. Jackson	I'm always doing comedy and will never hit up a 9-to-5 desk job.
Brandon T. Jackson	As an actor, it's amazing to get to create different characters.
Brandon T. Jackson	I can't believe that women have got to put on so much in the morning. What time do women wake up? Man, I put a t-shirt and jeans on, and that's it.
Brandon T. Jackson	I want to have children, please God, with a woman that I love and that I'm very attracted to.
Brandon T. Jackson	My grandma is kind of a rock star. She goes to France and all over.
Brandon T. Jackson	When you're blessed, you've got to be sensitive to people that don't have and need to depend on somebody else to eat.
Brandon T. Jackson	I come from a young, hip-hop, urban world.
Brandon T. Jackson	I know how to be funny to black audiences.
Brandon T. Jackson	I'm trying to build a brand. I'm not just doing one-off projects.
Brant Daugherty	I can be impatient. But I don't think it's always a bad habit. Sometimes a little impatience can be a good thing. It keeps you motivated.
Brant Daugherty	I already have my dream job. Acting was the only thing that ever really kept my attention, and I'm very fortunate that I can have a career doing something I love.
Brant Daugherty	I love 'Mean Girls.' I held out on watching it for a long time, but I'm so glad I finally did. Tina Fey is brilliant.
Brant Daugherty	I've been in love with Natalie Portman for a long time now. She's flawless.
Brant Daugherty	I've been a performer for a long time, but I really don't have any dancing experience. I did some of the musicals in high school, and I was in the glee club for a little while just to try and gain some skills... I was not good at it.
Brenda Fassie	I'm going to become the Pope next year. Nothing is impossible.
Brenda Fassie	I'm a shocker. I like to create controversy. It's my trademark.
Brenda Fassie	I am proud to be an African.
Brenda Fassie	I'd been shouting and shouting and no-one wanted to hear me.
Brenda Fassie	Stars talk about how they dislike fans fussing over them, begging for autographs and things like that, but deep down inside, they love every minute of it.
Brenda Fassie	I'd rather have happiness than money. People ask for it. Sometimes when I don't have it. I make other people's problems my problem because they want me to; they ask me to.
Brenda Fassie	I wanna be loved. I just wanna be loved.
Brenda Fassie	I am angry about the world's conditions for black people.
Brenda Fassie	You know, the more I appear on newspapers, the more famous I become.
Brenda Fassie	I am a shocker. I like to create controversy. It's my trademark.
Brenda Fassie	I'm so good and so loving that men don't believe it.
Brendan Fehr	I love hockey, and I don't love it for any other reason than when I get out there and play, I enjoy it.
Brendan Fehr	When you get pure joy out of 'being' rather than 'doing' or 'seeing,' that's when you realize how big and unexplainable some things are and being a dad is one of those very few things.
Brendan Fehr	Just because you have teenagers in a movie doesn't make it a teen movie.
Brendan Fehr	I do have a lucky pair of underwear.
Brendan Fehr	I never liked group work in school.
Brendan Fehr	I'm not a big fan of rehearsing.
Brendan Fehr	The best roles have risks... and those are the parts I'm interested in.
Brendan Fehr	You'll never see a good performance out of me, in terms of a character, when the camera isn't rolling.
Brendan Fehr	I'm really shy with my acting when it's off, because the camera gives me an excuse to be in character, whereas otherwise I would just feel like an idiot.
Brett Dalton	I'm really obsessed with 'Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares.' I really don't know why.
Brett Dalton	We all have our secrets. We all have our vulnerabilities.
Brett Dalton	After graduating, the jobs that I got were TV, so you sort of move to where the jobs are. But I would absolutely go back to theater if the role was right.
Brett Dalton	Everybody is the way they are because of certain events that have happened in their life. Oftentimes you'll meet somebody who seems a certain way, and then you realize, 'Oh, that guy's actually the sweetest man I know. But I wouldn't have known that from the outset because that's hidden.'
Brett Dalton	I used to go to the comic store all the time. I was into comic cards, which are essentially baseball cards for comic book heroes. They have these cool stats on the back. I had collections of these things. I still have a lot of my collection at home.
Brett Dalton	My dad's an artist, and my grandfather paints - he's not a painter; my grandfather's a butcher - but he does a lot of crafts, stained glass, painting, that stuff. There is art in our family, and I was an art major in college along with being a theater major.
Brett Dalton	I'm excited to be a part of the Marvel universe because I grew up with it.
Brett Dalton	I've owned mopeds in the past.
Brett Davern	The best part about a first kiss is right before the first kiss.
Brett Davern	Just open, honest communication is the best thing in the world.
Brett Davern	I listen to a lot of old stuff like Smokey Robinson, Marvin Gaye, and The Temptations.
Brett Davern	The best kisses have something behind it - maybe something has been smoldering for a while, and it's about to happen.
Brett Davern	Breath mints and Chapstick are key if you want to have a good kiss.
Brett Davern	I like to do things in which I'm playing someone else entirely.
Brett Davern	I love memoirs and autobiographies in general.
Brett Eldredge	I grew up listening to Frank Sinatra, riding in the car with my grandpa, and I was just intrigued by it.
Brett Eldredge	From day one when you're singing, you're dreaming about making that first album and making your break into whatever music you want to break into.
Brett Eldredge	I think everybody has somebody for them, and they're out there waiting for you somewhere.
Brett Eldredge	The biggest challenge, I think for any new artist, is patience.
Brett Eldredge	I always give a lot of credit to Ronnie Dunn for making me fall in love with country music.
Brett Eldredge	I'm so uncoordinated.
Brett Eldredge	Making an album is a long process, but it's a fun process.
Brett Favre	You're never guaranteed about next year. People ask what you think of next season, you have to seize the opportunities when they're in front of you.
Brett Favre	I know it's not a one man team win or lose.
Brett Favre	Injuries obviously change the way you approach the game.
Brett Favre	If I'm going to play, it's going to be 100-percent commitment.
Brett Favre	Nothing, for the most part, surprises me anymore.
Brett Favre	Every game I've ever played, regardless if it was pre-season or Super Bowl, meant the same to me, and I laid it all on the line.
Brett Favre	Life deals you a lot lessons, some people learn from it, some people don't.
Brett Favre	I'm not perfect.
Brett Favre	I may be a successful football player, but I feel like such a failure.
Brett Favre	Even in past years, when I wasn't in the Super Bowl, I wished I was.
Brett Favre	In my situation, unlike some players who retire because they have no choice - either teams don't want them or injuries have caused them to retire, and they just can't do it - for me, I really had never thought I would give out mentally before I gave out physically, but I think that was the case.
Brett Favre	Because after my first year I had a lot of success, took everybody by storm, came back the next year thought it was easy and didn't have near the season I had the previous year. It was kind of a wake-up call. And so, life goes on.
Brett Favre	It's been six years since I have had a drink and I have two girls, and my priorities are a lot different now and I just can't believe I was that guy. And I would not go back, I would not trade the way I am now for anything.
Brett Favre	In spite of reports about playing with various teams, I'm enjoying retirement with my family and have no plans to play football.
Brett Favre	If you grew up in a household with a football coach who looks like a drill sergeant, you would think you would be tough.
Brett Favre	Wisconsin's a special place.
Brett Favre	There are those people who are in your corner no matter what, you can't do any wrong, even when you do wrong. And then there are those people that no matter what you do they are going to dislike you and that's not going to change.
Brett Favre	I like my teammates.
Brett Favre	I've seen a lot of people jump on and off my bandwagon.
Brett Favre	I think my stubbornness, hardheadedness and stupidity is what has allowed me to play for 20 years.
Brett Favre	I think the 16 years that I spent in Green Bay speaks for itself.
Brett Favre	I, most talented players don't always succeed. Some don't even make the team. It's more what's inside.
Brett Favre	Obviously talent gets you to a certain point, but it's what you do with it, how you handle.
Brett Favre	And having a strong family, you know we've lost some members of our family and had some setbacks, but I think a good family and kids all those things I thought at one time... you got to be kidding me... Those things are so important they enable you to go on.
Brett Favre	In the NFL a lot of times everyone gets caught up in the business side of things. For them it's all about money and it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth.
Brian Acton	Dealing with ads is depressing. You don't make anyone's life better by making advertisements work better.
Brian Acton	People want chat histories. They're a permanent testimony of a relationship.
Brian Acton	My mom started an air-freight company; my grandmother built a golf course. I have a certain degree of entrepreneurial risk-taking in my family history. Maybe that eventually rubbed off on me a little bit.
Brian Acton	Yes, I was a big math and computer geek, that's true. I was driven by the scholastic side of things. For me, it was all about what I could do with math and computers.
Brian Acton	WhatsApp provides phone-number-based messaging, and people asked, 'Isn't that what SMS is?' Yes, but SMS is expensive, antiquated, and what WhatsApp did was modernize and level that playing field. For example, in Europe, if France wants to talk to Belgium, it's extraordinary costly because of border and telecom charges.
Brian Acton	WhatsApp will bring Facebook another billion users. We will be a billion-user product. Whether there is a direct valuation or an indirect valuation, there is value, and Facebook understands that well.
Brian Acton	Your insurance broker has your telephone number, but your insurance broker doesn't have your Facebook ID. I think they are very different modes of communication. Commingling them can come with risk and peril.
Brian Acton	It's not 100 per cent clear to me what's working about Snapchat.
Brian Acton	For me specifically, it was important to graduate. In my family, I was one of the first graduates. My mom did not have a college degree. My dad did not have a college degree.
Brian Acton	Going public is 18-month process, while an acquisition is a 6-month process. Going public means going under so much scrutiny, regulatory approval, auditing, magnified 10 times. Having the stomach to do that isn't necessarily in my DNA. My DNA is building a product and a service.
Brian Acton	There's a certain degree of speculation that goes into valuations. In so far as the market supports a valuation, everyone who gets a great one deserves it, but they should also be cautious because that speculation is temporary. I saw Yahoo go from $100 billion to $10 billion. It's not a long-term measure.
Brian Acton	You have a certain identity that you present to the world on Facebook, and you have a certain identity that you present with the telephone, and they are different.
Brian Baird	Governing isn't as easy as you think. Many of you have taken pledges that are contradictory - to balance the budget and cut taxes, for example. You must be honest about the numbers, since our annual deficit now exceeds all discretionary spending combined.
Brian Baird	It is our responsibility as Americans to provide for the families of those who have died to defend our nation. Raising the military death benefit is not a Democrat or Republican issue - it is an American issue.
Brian Baird	I find it is increasingly difficult to spend the time I need with my family and at the same time do the job that needs to be done.
Brian Baird	With random urinalysis, there's a clear choice - either get high or go to jail.
Brian Baird	If you set as your goal to roll back the size of government, you have an obligation to answer the tough questions and show real courage, not just appeal to ideology. Treat the voters like adults.
Brian Baird	When I was first elected I was puzzled why they were holding events in my honor as a mere freshman. I asked myself, why is a federal entity so involved in political activity?
Brian Baird	You don't get real reform by pandering to every special interest. With cap and trade we wound up with a bill that didn't accomplish much, was enormously complicated and expensive.
Brian d'Arcy James	My younger sister's a comedian. She has a sketch comedy group in Chicago called Schadenfreude and I look at her with such admiration and envy because it's such an amazing thing to make someone laugh.
Brian d'Arcy James	I know how I felt when I saw things like 'Fame' on television when I was growing up and how that was an exceptional magnet for me to want to explore the theater. I can only assume that 'Smash' is doing that for anyone who is halfway interested in theater already.
Brian d'Arcy James	I sang a lot growing up; I always loved music.
Brian d'Arcy James	I've always wanted to give 'Hamlet' a shot. It's the big one, you know. I haven't done Shakespeare professionally, so I think it would be terrifying.
Brian d'Arcy James	I have a hard time listening to things I've recorded. I don't necessarily go back and enjoy it. Occasionally I'll have the iPod on shuffle and something will come on. Nine times out of ten I'll wince and go on to the next one.
Brian d'Arcy James	Most actors are very grateful for what is as opposed to what will be. You spend 98% of your time looking for a job, so when you get it, it's fantastic.
Brian Ferneyhough	As a necessary prerequisite to the creation of new forms of expression one might, I suppose, argue that current sensibilities respond uniquely to the notion of exhaustion as exhaustion, although that does de facto seem rather limiting.
Brian Ferneyhough	I suppose that the scope and implications of such forces have rendered my personal accounting ritual pretty much obsolete. That's how things sometimes go.
Brian Ferneyhough	By reason of weird translation, many such sets of instructions read like poems anyhow.
Brian Ferneyhough	Sometimes one can be so closely involved with things that the larger context is lost to view.
Brian Ferneyhough	I'm perplexed, though, by your application of the term 'negative' to my figural imagery.
Brian Ferneyhough	The past nine years in San Diego have represented such a period of questioning.
Brian Ferneyhough	What makes a specific quality or quantity of innovation retain its intense newness over the years?
Brian Ferneyhough	Certainly being in California has encouraged a sustained commitment to rethinking the nature, purposes, and relevance of the contemporary arts, specifically music, for a society which by and large seems to manage quite well without them.
Brian Ferneyhough	I frequently compose out the entire metric structure of a piece in modified cyclic form, where each cyclic revolution undergoes some form of 'variation' much as if measure lengths were concrete musical 'material.'
Brian Ferneyhough	Questioning the nature and implications of liminal instances necessarily involves failure, if only in the specifically technical sense of entering spaces where prevailing criteria of success scarcely apply.
Brian Ferneyhough	Hence my obstinate emphasis on stylistic continuity from work to work rather than specific sibling relationships between the individual work and other members of its stylistic 'family' in the world outside.
Brian Ferneyhough	When I speak of 'cycles,' I am referring to lengthy intervals of relative homogeneity, if not in the resolving of problems, than at least with respect to the consistency of their capacity to productively irritate.
Brian Ferneyhough	With respect to the respective French and German traditions you are no doubt correct, although I am reluctant to see individual achievement reduced to archetypes.
Brian Ferneyhough	Why, in such a case, should the performer essay any sort of considered approach at all?
Brian Ferneyhough	In my own recent String Trio I attempt to superimpose two quite different sets of formal strategies, both of which, ultimately, refer back to historical precedent.
Brian Ferneyhough	When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet.
Brian Ferneyhough	Composers dialogue - and obsessively, bitterly argue - with other composers, often over the span of several centuries.
Brian Ferneyhough	If nothing is at risk, nothing is established.
Brian Ferneyhough	In any case, the fewer boundaries that exist hindering free movement between all forms of articulate human cognition, the better.
Brian Ferneyhough	So: we're all tired. Now what? Manuscripts written in Club Med?
Brian Ferneyhough	This was possible only by dint of extended periods of frequently quite painful reflection and digestion.
Brian Ferneyhough	Actually, most things I say in public lead more or less directly to my own compositional practice, so I should be careful about generalizing lest they come back to haunt me.
Brian Ferneyhough	I am certainly not arguing for the de facto autonomy of the individual work, even though there is much to be said for making the attempt to see it in that light as one facet of the reception process.
Brian Ferneyhough	I don't like listening to my music, not even new pieces. Generally, they sound pretty much like I expected them to sound, so it's what I wanted, and that's it.
Brian Ferneyhough	I don't see 'lines of force' as being destructive, except to the extent that they are exclusively traceable through observance of the path of distorted material left in their wake.
Brian Jacques	I wrote about a bird that cleaned a crocodile's teeth. The story was so good that my teacher could not believe that a ten-year-old could write that well. I was even punished because my teacher thought I'd lied about writing it! I had always loved to write, but it was then that I realized that I had a talent for it.
Brian Jacques	I sometimes think it ironic for an ex-seaman, longshoreman, truck driver, policeman, bus driver, etc... to find success writing children's novels.
Brian Jacques	I am a people watcher and I have a very good memory.
Brian Jacques	I enjoy walking my dog and completing crossword puzzles.
Brian Jacques	I still pinch meself when I wake up of a morning. Who ever thought I'd be a children's author - let alone a best-selling children's author?
Brian Jacques	I wanted to write something visual that I could read to the children. This was when I created the idea of Redwall Abbey in my imagination. As I wrote, the idea grew, and the manuscript along with it.
Brian Jacques	Sometimes, I get ideas from dreams. Often, my stories are based on adventures that I, or my friends, have actually lived.
Brian Jacques	Kids are more drawn to animal characters than human.
Brian Tracy	Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
Brian Tracy	The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Brian Tracy	You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Brian Tracy	Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'
Brian Tracy	All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
Brian Tracy	Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
Brian Tracy	Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life.
Brian Tracy	I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Brian Tracy	Teamwork is so important that it is virtually impossible for you to reach the heights of your capabilities or make the money that you want without becoming very good at it.
Brian Tracy	Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.
Brian Tracy	The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Brian Tracy	Successful people are simply those with successful habits.
Brian Tracy	The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
Brian Tracy	Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
Brian Tracy	Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
Brian Tracy	Practice Golden-Rule 1 of Management in everything you do. Manage others the way you would like to be managed.
Brian Tracy	Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor.
Brian Tracy	Your company's most valuable asset is how it is known to its customers.
Brian Tracy	There is no real limit to how much better a person who really commits to getting better can get. Every manager has the potential to become an excellent manager for the rest of his or her career.
Brian Tracy	Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Brian Tracy	Invest three percent of your income in yourself (self-development) in order to guarantee your future.
Brian Tracy	The more credit you give away, the more will come back to you. The more you help others, the more they will want to help you.
Brian Tracy	If what you are doing is not moving you towards your goals, then it's moving you away from your goals.
Brian Tracy	Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
Brian Tracy	You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Bridget Hall	It's just me and my 6-month-old puppy. I am not dating anyone.
Bridget Hall	I am always looking for a cool tee shirt; maybe one with a rock band or an old advertisement.
Bridget Hall	But, I understand that Black Comb and Whistler are supposed to be great for snowboarding. So I am looking forward to going there someday soon.
Bridget Hall	Opening a family-style restaurant with comfort food like mac 'n' cheese, ribs and burgers has always been my dream.
Bridget Hall	My favorite teams are the Dallas Cowboys and the New York Jets.
Bridget Hall	Snowboarding! I love it! Some of the best places to snowboard are Telluride and Park Cities, Utah.
Bridget Hall	I don't remember ever having finished a book.
Bridget Hall	I had to jump out of a plane! The shoot was for an editorial for a magazine; and it called for skydiving.
Bridget Hall	When I go out with my 16-year-old friends, I don't wear Chanel.
Bridget Hall	I love to find a great vintage secondhand shop.
Bridget Hall	Girls in my school were always prettier.
Bridget Hall	I am not a party girl.
Brion James	I'm a parrot. I can pick up an accent and just do it.
Brion James	I play out negative fantasies for people. I'm the guy people love to hate. And they always remember the bad guy.
Brion James	Since very early in my career, I have always did my own stunt fighting.
Brion James	I never play a villain that I don't have something I can either do or say so the audience sees there is something redeemable about them. In other words, I don't want to do evil for evil's sake. I don't want to do Jason slasher movies. There's no point in that.
Brion James	I did 125 films, and over 100 television shows, and you've never seen the same character twice.
Brion James	My dad had a movie theater so I was there every night.
Brion James	My whole deal when I do accents or dialects is I gotta fool the locals. If I fool the locals then I've done my job.
Brion James	The interesting part of the process is developing the character, you know, why did he become that? Why is the guy a murderer, or why is this guy a pervert, or whatever he is. So that's the fun part for me to delve into the abyss.
Brion James	Blade Runner helped make my career. Everybody was in it. Who knew?
Brion James	I could talk about Blade Runner forever.
Brion James	I still do television. I don't care. I just want to work. I love to work. I want to do 500 movies.
Brion James	I was a different kind of kid, oversensitive and all that.
Brion James	I'm a character actor, so I don't take the hit if the movie's bad, the lead does. So, I don't want to be the lead. He takes the hit, I don't.
Brion James	I've never considered myself a leading man, don't look like one, don't want to be one.
Brion James	In the '70s, everybody was doing drugs, so long as you showed up and did your work, they'd use you until you died.
Brion James	Larry Kasdan is a great director.
Brion James	Producing is nothing more than bringing all the elements together, connecting people.
Brion James	The bad guys are the best parts.
Brion James	The best thing about Sci-Fi, which is my favorite genre, is that there are no rules for behavior. So you can do anything you want.
Brion James	Work begets work.
Brion James	You know, stand-up comedy is where I pretty much started out.
Brion James	You never know what show is going to change your life.
Brion James	I couldn't say no to jobs and I couldn't say no to drugs. I'd get high from a movie, I'd be somebody else because I didn't particularly like me, so long as I had a script in my hand, I was okay. As soon as the movie was over, I didn't know what to do.
Brion James	I prayed to God for help and I put myself in a recovery house called Studio 12. It was for people in the business and you didn't have to have any money to go, which was good because I was broke.
Brion James	I'm big and a lot of the stars are smaller so if you're big and mean looking, you play bad guys. After Blade Runner, I was the meanest guy in Hollywood.
Britt Daniel	The Futurists were an art movement in the early 20th century which basically glorified machines and the Industrial Revolution.
Britt Daniel	I love playing bass. It's mostly what I play in Divine Fits.
Britt Daniel	I'm usually pretty insecure.
Britt Daniel	I like sparseness. There's something about that minimalist feel that can make something have an immediate impact and make it unique. I'll probably always work with that formula; I just don't know how.
Britt Daniel	I get to focus on being a musician sometimes, and I get to focus on being a vocalist sometimes.
Britt Daniel	I'd always listened to my parents' Bee Gees albums.
Britt Daniel	I always thought of indie-rock as being rock music by bands that were on independent labels, and that's a great thing.
Britt Daniel	I do go through periods of obsession with certain records.
Britt Daniel	I don't like when a song goes from one mood to another unless it's going to be out of sight.
Britt Daniel	I remember learning how to play 'The Fool On The Hill' on piano when I was in maybe fifth grade.
Britt Daniel	I was 16 when I started playing. I borrowed a friend's acoustic guitar, and I had a Beatles chord book. I just taught myself that way.
Britt Daniel	If I write the song, I get to name it.
Britt Daniel	It doesn't matter what age you are, an effective song will move you.
Britt Daniel	Usually, whenever my mom would come over I would try and put on music that I thought she would like just to make her feel more at ease.
Britt Daniel	When we're recording, I always dress up.
Britt Daniel	You know when a song has a melody or some kind of element that affects you, and that is what I am trying to go for.
Britt Daniel	I just don't think you can make records easily and have them be great. It's a process. You've got to get really lucky all the time, or you've got to work like mad.
Britt Daniel	I love bands that can collaborate, and I feel like the Rolling Stones wouldn't be nearly as great as they are if it wasn't for them having a real group.
Britt Daniel	I wish records got made faster and looser with less thought in them, but since touring is so much more profitable than records, you spend so much time on the road that it's hard to work on them. And the records get further and further apart.
Britt Daniel	I'm into it, I'm into MP3's; I think there's no way you're ever going to be able to legislate people having to buy a record in order to listen to it. You have to look at it as a means of promotion, and if the music is good enough, promotion is a good thing.
Britt Daniel	The people that only listen to one song from a record and flip around that much, if that's the only way they listen to music, they're probably the kind of people that like music as something to drive to, you know?
Britt Daniel	There are so many songs out there in the world that - if I know we have to come up with a new cover, then I'll just sit in my room and sing song after song and figure out which one I can kind of sing the best.
Britt Daniel	There was a very obnoxious phase for Axl Rose. I'm sure if I had experienced as much success as he had, I would probably be a third as obnoxious. I'd probably be obnoxious, too. But not that much.
Britt Daniel	Usually I write the songs at home and then I bring them in to the band; when we play them as a band, that's kinda how we figure out the feel of how they're going to be presented on the record or live.
Britt Ekland	As for the stage fright, it never goes away. When I'm waiting in the wings to go on, it's agony every single time but I stay focused and I know that once I'm on stage it'll be fine; I'll be in my happy little bubble.
Britt Ekland	I never really learned the value of money. My father didn't spoil me, but I think my grandparents did.
Britt Ekland	I spend hours mowing the lawn in absolutely straight lines on my tractor. If it's not right, I do it again.
Britt Ekland	I'd been a housewife and mother to our son Thomas Jefferson, and I was looking for a new career. So when my agent called and said a producer named Paul Elliott from E&B productions, the biggest panto company in the country at the time, wanted to meet me I agreed.
Britt Ekland	A lot of young actresses have a hard time combining a reasonable love life with a career.
Britt Ekland	I am as far from a hypochondriac as you could ever be.
Britt Ekland	I was brought up very conservatively. My father was positively Victorian - I wasn't even allowed to wear my hair down.
Britt Ekland	I'm no angel.
Britt Ekland	Back then I was called Dumbo because of my ears. I was called Fatty, too. It was hurtful so I became like the class clown. I became the one who was kicked around.
Britt Ekland	Little bitty bags are completely impractical - I like big slouchy bags because they have to be comfortable for my lovely wee Chihuahua Tequila, who comes everywhere with me. I'm devoted to him, now my kids have long since flown the nest.
Britt Ekland	I used to collect vintage clothing - exquisite lace dresses, embroidered shawls and ornate jewelry - but that's just not me any more.
Britt Ekland	I broke my ankle ten years ago so high heels are not an option unless I'm literally going door to door for a function.
Britt Ekland	I don't sleep with happily married men.
Britt Ekland	I would teach U.K. parents how to stop their children throwing litter. London is a beautiful city but its streets are disgusting.
Britt Ekland	The ideal man doesn't exist. A husband is easier to find.
Britt Ekland	Generally, I'm a pretty positive, but like any other working person, if the jobs aren't coming in, I do get depressed.
Britt Ekland	I listen to my body, I give it things it wants and I eliminate things it doesn't want.
Britt Ekland	I was so beautiful but I didn't realise it for years. I saw pictures of myself and even I was stunned.
Britt Ekland	I would make a poor vegetarian because I adore meat.
Britt Ekland	I'm not scared of snakes, spiders or heights. I have three children; as a mum, you can't be afraid of things like that.
Britt Ekland	The worst thing in the world is to be tired.
Britt Ekland	I used to smoke cigarettes, ten a day, but gave up when I was 28. Now my vice is several cups of coffee a day, which isn't great if you're prone to weak bones as I am, as caffeine can leach calcium.
Britt Ekland	I had a husband who, I'm convinced, was an undiagnosed manic depressive. He didn't treat me as if I had a brain - I was just this beautiful little doll he could show off.
Britt Ekland	My father had his own business, a clothing store, which he inherited from his father. He travelled abroad frequently and was quite extravagant, so we had skiing holidays and summer holidays on the beach.
Britt Ekland	I believe you need scientific proof that something works before you entrust your health to it.
Britt Robertson	You see George Clooney, and you think he's suave and handsome and really charming, but he's such a goofball!
Britt Robertson	If I can play 15 when I am 25, I can play 35 when I'm 55.
Britt Robertson	The song 'Can't Look Back Now' by the Weepies reminds me of the entire 'Life Unexpected' experience.
Britt Robertson	I remember the moment that I realized that I was going to get the opportunity to be in my dream role, and I said, 'I just don't think life gets any better!' You have to take that moment and expand it for as long as possible because it's such a cool feeling.
Britt Robertson	I am the oldest of seven. Do my siblings think I'm super cool? I wish they thought I was super cool!
Britt Robertson	I like down-to-Earth characters, but I also like being able to get outside my box of knowledge.
Britt Robertson	I love to continue acting. It's my passion.
Britt Robertson	The perfect shorts are always important.
Britt Robertson	After 'Life Unexpected' ended, I wanted to do something that was completely different from Lux and that show. I wanted to be able to keep my fans, but not have them confused about who I was or what my character was.
Britt Robertson	I'm not even a little bit talented at the red-carpet makeup thing, but recently I did learn how to give myself dramatic-looking eyes and how to contour my cheekbones.
Britt Robertson	I've gone to prom multiple times, had fights with the principal, a relationship with my teacher. When people ask if I wish I had gone to high school, I tell them that I've acted all of that stuff out, and it just doesn't seem like fun.
Britt Robertson	I am close - too close - with my family.
Britt Robertson	I never talk about auditions. Even if I've got the role, I won't tell people until we're literally filming it.
Britt Robertson	I was 14 or 15 when I moved to L.A. permanently, but I had been out for pilot season for a few years before that.
Britt Robertson	I'm a huge horror fan.
Britt Robertson	My family is large and in charge! That's my favorite way to describe them.
Britt Robertson	For me as an actor, you always sort of want to bring yourself to a character in some way. You want to find a way to approach something in a way that's real and interesting, and also so there's some empathy there.
Britt Robertson	I don't like when people put their dishes in the dishwasher without scrubbing them properly because it comes out with those little white dots and then you can't get those out. And you have to rewash them.
Britt Robertson	I never had a problem with social situations. A lot of times, when people are in school, they can have a little hesitancy because people are mean sometimes. I never had that problem because I never had that experience. So, I had a pretty easy transition.
Britt Robertson	I like really bad T.V.; it's a problem. Love me some reality.
Britt Robertson	George Clooney is actually a huge prankster. That's sort of his jam. I had no idea.
Britt Robertson	I like the wild characters. I like the idea of being a character actor without being a character actor.
Britt Robertson	I think it would be amazing to be a character actor and still be a lead now and then in movies.
Britt Robertson	I tried to play every sport. I wasn't great at most of them, but at least I tried!
Britt Robertson	I was a super tomboy growing up.
Brittany Daniel	If you've been told all your life that you're good-looking, people just flock around you and you never really have to try or have to learn an interesting craft, skill or hobby - or even have depth.
Brittany Daniel	It's kind of like Silence of the lambs meets Boogey Nights.
Brittany Daniel	I've been a vegetarian for so long, I forgot how much I missed meat. You know you don't realize how important meat is to you until you don't have it for long time.
Brittany Daniel	Comedy is so hard to do, so it was very cool to do dead pan humor.
Brittany Daniel	More flirtatious than me. I couldn't work it like she did.
Bronagh Gallagher	One of my earliest memories is seeing the bright blue, Epic 45 of Jackie Wilson singing 'Higher and Higher,' and I'd say, 'That one!' and my parents would play it every Sunday afternoon and we'd all get up and leap around the house.
Bronagh Gallagher	Music was massive from an early age. My parents were huge music fans, especially soul, and they played records in our house all the time, and me and my brother and sister would dance and sing about the living room.
Bronagh Gallagher	If I can't be me and be accepted and loved for that, then what's the point?
Bronagh Gallagher	Music and literature have always and continue to be massive influences. Writers such as Seamus Heaney and Frank McGuinness. I have always admired the humanitarians that I knew growing up in Derry whose influence steered me in the direction of some of the work that I have chosen in the past.
Bronagh Gallagher	We were raised right in the heart of the Bogside. Everything was so bad at the time that Mammy would bring us to the pantomime, circus, concerts because we were so confined at home.
Bronagh Gallagher	The truth is that I am a very independent person and I've always been. That probably damaged some of my relationships with men.
Bronagh Gallagher	I never felt that I should have taken a 'regular job;' I was always lucky enough to be in regular employment as an actress.
Bronagh Gallagher	I was always keen to get involved in the school drama productions and was a member of the school choir. I was lucky to have attended schools that took music and drama very seriously and the teachers were just brilliant.
Brooke Adams	My life has gotten so much better since I turned 40.
Brooke Adams	I had wanted to be a movie star and had thought I would be a movie star since I was very little. It was just something I saw in my future. But somehow when it happened, I wasn't ready for it.
Brooke Adams	As an actress, I always felt like the people you met on set were interchangeable with the people you met on other sets - the grips, the gaffers, the actors, the directors - everybody steps into their role.
Brooke Adams	I go through periods where I don't shop at all, and then I go crazy and buy everything in sight. I never know what to wear, and I'm at my worst before an audition. I pull everything out of the closet, throw it on my bed. I'll get entirely dressed and then take it all off again until I'm in a kind of frenzy.
Brooke Adams	I think films are harder because you have almost no rehearsals. I love the rehearsal process, but in films you have no opportunity to get things right. You may never get it right in theater, either, but at least you have the opportunity to make it better. In films, I'd go home at night and think, 'Oh, God, that's how I should have done the scene.'
Brooke Adams	In films, you are a commodity. You are a look, something that the camera really likes, something that has struck an audience in a certain way. It's not really so much about transforming yourself the way actors do onstage. I think there's a difference between the skill of acting in movies and onstage.
Brooke Adams	It's glamorous when a movie is released, but then you feel disconnected from it. Someone asked if it wouldn't be more glamorous for me being on Broadway rather than Off Broadway, but I thought, 'What's the difference?' The Orpheum is a smaller house, that's all. And there are no mikes, so you just talk louder.
Brooke D'Orsay	Even if I have only 15 minutes, I knock out some toning moves or get in a burst of cardio.
Brooke D'Orsay	I drive a Prius. I always turn my faucets off. I never use plastic bottles anymore. I use glass bottles. I bring my own bags to the grocery store. And I try to use all natural shampoos and facial products.
Brooks Adams	One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Brooks Adams	Politics, as a practice, whatever its profession, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.
Brooks Adams	The difference is slight, to the influence of an author, whether he is read by 500 readers, or by five hundred thousand; if he can select the 500, he reaches the five hundred thousand.
Bruce Babbitt	Well, I think breathing life into the Endangered Species Act, taking those wolves back into Yellowstone, restoring the salmon in the rivers of the Pacific Northwest.
Bruce Babbitt	It is like living in a wilderness of mirrors. No fact goes unchallenged.
Bruce Babbitt	We have an obligation to live in harmony with creation, with our capital... with God's creation. And we need to administer and work that very carefully.
Bruce Babbitt	I think the people will- who advocate having a step back and read those public opinion polls on the front page of the newspapers all over this country saying public supports restoration in restoration of the Everglades, protection of the parks and the creation of monuments.
Bruce Babbitt	Well, it's not a pleasant experience. And it's a terribly political process, because that thing was initiated by the Congress and by, you know, our adversaries in the Congress.
Bruce Babbitt	There's a basic kind of tension here. It's between those who say, I'd like to clear cut this forest and reduce it to saw timber because that's an economically productive thing for me to do.
Bruce Babbitt	The Northwest is in better shape than it was eight years ago.
Bruce Babbitt	Look, this job has always been a crucible of conflict.
Bruce Babbitt	I grew up in the West, grew up on the land, was educated as a geologist.
Bruce Babbitt	What we've proven is that you can protect the environment, use it wisely and grow the economy and that there is no conflict between the two.
Bruce Babbitt	No kidding. That's really true. You're paying your own bills through this. It's not a pleasant experience.
Bruce Babbitt	What I finally did in 1995 was I said, I'm going to get out of this town and I'm going to go out West.
Bruce Babbitt	Protecting all this land, working with the President to establish all these monuments, to, you know... I think the President has a land protection record that's second to no one in this century, maybe Teddy Roosevelt.
Bruce Babbitt	This isn't just about today, this about generations to come. And you've got a chance to be the greatest conservation President since Theodore Roosevelt, and I think he's done it.
Bruce Babbitt	I look back on it, yeah, I'm in a much worse financial position than I was eight years ago. I'm going to have to go out at age 62 and kind of readdress some of that.
Bruce Babbitt	I wouldn't miss this opportunity for anything. For the chance to work on these conservation issues, to serve my country, to work for this president, I'd do it all over again, every single minute.
Bruce Babbitt	I'm going to go out and get everybody together and say I think we ought to protect this for generations to come. Now, let's get down to work and walk the land and talk about the conflicts and get everybody involved.
Bruce Babbitt	Look, I think by the time my case was over and other ones, everybody on both sides of the aisle in Congress said we can't run a government by this kind of process and they repealed the law and that's good.
Bruce Babbitt	Obviously I wouldn't have said that three or four years ago in the midst of it. But I really believe that. It's been a marvelous and important experience.
Bruce Babbitt	They haul you up there for, you know, week after week in this kind of star chamber proceeding. Then at the end of it they say, well, we found nothing, but now it's time for special counsel.
Bruce Babbitt	We had kind of a rocky start, but I spent a lot of time working with the President and handing him statistics and showing him what we were doing as we went along and kind of saying to him, you know, this is really important.
Bruce Babbitt	We have to preserve it and use it sustainably. And the short-term use of resources at the destruction of the long-term heritage of this country is not a policy that we can pursue.
Bruce Babbitt	We've set aside tens of millions of acres of those northwestern forests for perpetuity. The unemployment rate has gone not up, but down. The economy has gone up.
Bruce Babbitt	Well, I actually wrote her a letter a couple of days ago congratulating her. The tone I tried to convey in the letter is, look, you are a part of a great American historical process.
Bruce Babbitt	Well, what I tried to do is simply to get out on the land. And when I came to Washington, I think one of the mistakes we made early on was kind of having an ideological dispute up in the Congress.
Bruce Campbell	Actors who say they can dive inside a character are either schizophrenic or lying.
Bruce Campbell	'Evil Dead 1' was never supposed to have a sequel.
Bruce Campbell	Any time a writer thinks he has all the answers to how someone should talk or react or end a scene, it's a spontaneity-killer.
Bruce Campbell	A cult classic is one that has been fully embraced by an alternative audience, not the popular audience.
Bruce Campbell	People who sleep around to get roles are frail and scared and most likely without talent. It's their own little horror show that only they can deal with.
Bruce Campbell	If you go to Hollywood, you've already sold out.
Bruce Campbell	There is a large element of me in every role I do.
Bruce Campbell	There are MAYBE 30 years worth of ideas out there... watch for the feature version of ER in about 25 years... Hollywood has become hopelessly chained to the bottom line.
Bruce Campbell	As far as my favorite sites, I do a lot of mundane stuff on line because I travel so much.
Bruce Campbell	I see parody as another form of comedy.
Bruce Campbell	I see the Internet as the next big deal - I wanted to get in on it early on so I wouldn't get behind it all.
Bruce Campbell	I'm not interested in making a $60-million studio film with a bunch of 24-year-olds telling me what to do.
Bruce Campbell	My father was in the ad business, and he wanted to be a painter.
Bruce Feiler	Take a walk with a turtle. And behold the world in pause.
Bruce Feiler	When faced with a challenge, happy families, like happy people, just add a new chapter to their life story that shows them overcoming the hardship. This skill is particularly important for children, whose identity tends to get locked in during adolescence.
Bruce Feiler	Children who plan their own schedules and evaluate their own work build up their brains and learn to take more responsibility.
Bruce Feiler	The bottom line: If you want a happier family, bring those skeletons out of the closet.
Bruce Feiler	The bottom line: if you want a happier family, create, refine and retell the story of your family's positive moments and your ability to bounce back from the difficult ones. That act alone may increase the odds that your family will thrive for many generations to come.
Bruce Feiler	The most successful families embrace and elevate their family history, particularly their failures, setbacks and other missteps.
Bruce Feiler	Tired of nagging your kids to hurry up, get dressed, drink their milk and brush their teeth? Here's a radical idea: Don't.
Bruce Feiler	If you tell your own story to your children - that includes your positive moments and your negative moments, and how you overcame them - you give your children the skills and the confidence they need to feel like they can overcome some hardship that they've felt.
Bruce Feiler	The simplest consequence of walking on crutches is that you walk slower. Every step must be a necessary one. When you hurry, you get where you're going, but you get there alone. When you go slow, you get where you're going, but you get there with a community you've built along the way.
Bruce Feiler	I definitely subscribe to the idea that 9/11, to use an overused phrase, was a wake-up call. There was a year-long national teach-in on Islam - everyone read books and suddenly talked about Islam, and that was very productive. But there's no doubt that moment has passed.
Bruce Feiler	The older I get, the more I realize that religion is not going to be easily marginalized by one of its wannabe successors - science, capitalism, consumerism.
Bruce Feiler	Knowing more about family history is the single biggest predictor of a child's emotional well-being. Grandparents can play a special role in this process, too.
Bruce Feiler	Decades of research have shown that most happy families communicate effectively. But talking doesn't mean simply 'talking through problems,' as important as that is. Talking also means telling a positive story about yourselves.
Bruce Feiler	Let your kids pick their punishments. Our instinct as parents is to order our kids around. It's easier, and we're usually right! But it rarely works.
Bruce Feiler	The way to tell a really big story, I think, is to tell a really small story.
Bruce Feiler	After college, I wanted to learned about myself as an American, so I left the United States and went to Japan.
Bruce Feiler	Even Superman's name reflects his creators' biblical knowledge.
Bruce Feiler	Celebrate your family's bleakest moments and how your relatives overcame them. In doing so, you will encounter darkness, but you'll give your children the confidence that they, too, shall overcome.
Bruce Feiler	Moses became America's true founding father because he evangelized action; he justified risk. He gave ordinary people the courage to live with uncertainty.
Bruce Feiler	I was surprised how relevant the Moses story was to contemporary American debates - from our ongoing debate about values, to our role as champions of freedom, to our place as a country that welcome immigrants.
Bruce Feiler	It is our responsibility to find God in someone who is different from us. I think that God basically says, 'I created diversity on purpose, and it is your responsibility to figure out how to make it work.'
Bruce Feiler	'Walking the Bible' describes the year that I spent retracing the five books of Moses through the desert, and I was actually working on a follow-up, which would look at the rest of the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament.
Bruce Feiler	Every writer dreams of writing a book that will touch people.
Bruce Feiler	Moses is our true founding father.
Bruce Feiler	I was so naive about writing, I went to the public library and checked out the only volume they had on the topic - an academic treatise about publishing from the WWII era.
Bruce Feirstein	The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Bruce Feirstein	To paraphrase Jane Austen, it is a truth universally acknowledged that a married man in possession of a vast fortune must be in want of a newer, younger wife.
Bruce Feirstein	Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flamethrower.
Bruce Feirstein	Games have has as much an impact on Hollywood filmmaking as MTV music videos did.
Bruce Feirstein	I had grown up loving movies and had always wanted to write them.
Bruce Feirstein	I started as a journalist for magazines in New York City, so it was always storytelling. And moving into movies was a natural transition.
Bruce Feirstein	I would say I'm a casual gamer. I'm not hardcore.
Bruce Feirstein	Our enemies are real. But so are the moral questions and long-term political implications of drone strikes.
Bruce Feirstein	Whenever you do anything with Bond, you've got Cubby Broccoli and Sean Connery looking over your shoulder.
Bruce Feirstein	Bond is a classic archetype character, a character that's embedded in our heads forever, one of a lone warrior setting out to avenge a nation - and you find that character across cultures.
Bruce Feirstein	I think you need to understand games to write them. There's a learning curve, just like there's a learning curve in anything. It's not precisely the same as film or television, but you're using the same muscles.
Bruce Feirstein	In the case of 'Blood Stone,' the producers, EON, Michael Wilson, Barbara Broccoli, David Wilson and Gregg Wilson, had an idea for a story and had a lot of it done. And I came in, worked with them, fleshed it out.
Bruce Feirstein	The great thing about games is that it's tremendously collaborative, and it opens you up to this other world of thinking and storytelling and how you construct those stories.
Bruce Feirstein	Yes, I play computer games. I think you've got to embrace the latest technology. For someone to dismiss games as not important would be the same as saying the Internet is not important.
Bruce Jackson	Bridges become frames for looking at the world around us.
Bruce Jackson	Bridges are perhaps the most invisible form of public architecture.
Bruce Jackson	What is perhaps more worthy of note than how many tsunami dead we've seen, however, is how many other recent dead we have not seen.
Bruce Jackson	The U.S. government has in recent years fought what it termed wars against AIDs, drug abuse, poverty, illiteracy and terrorism. Each of those wars has budgets, legislation, offices, officials, letterhead - everything necessary in a bureaucracy to tell you something is real.
Bruce Jackson	War is grounded in the notion of triumph and defeat. It is zero-sum.
Bruce Jackson	The fact that the Arctic, more than any other populated region of the world, requires the collaboration of so many disciplines and points of view to be understood at all, is a benefit rather than a burden.
Bruce Jackson	The key fact missed most often by social scientists utilizing documentary films for data, is this: documentary films are not found or reported things; they're made things.
Bruce Jackson	Books can now be on the stands within days from delivery of a formatted manuscript, and often are.
Bruce Jackson	Filmmakers who use narrators pay a price for taking the easy way: narrated films date far more quickly than films without narrators.
Bruce Jackson	It is not at all clear how much the media influences public opinion and how much public opinion influences the media.
Bruce Jackson	The mainstream media showed, for example, no blood and guts resulting from the 9/11 attacks.
Bruce Jackson	The media bring our wars home, but only rarely have they been able to do it in complete freedom.
Bruce Jackson	The US military still blames the media for stories and images that turned the American public against the war in Vietnam.
Bruce Jackson	War is an abstraction.
Bruce Jackson	First, those images help us understand the general and specific magnitude of disaster caused by the tsunami. The huge outpouring of aid would not have happened without those images.
Bruce Jackson	All too often, academic departments defend their territory with the passion of cornered animals, though with far less justification.
Bruce Jackson	America has the longest prison sentences in the West, yet the only condition long sentences demonstrably cure is heterosexuality.
Bruce Jackson	When friends and lovers die and your world gets quieter; that's when the silence comes closer; that's when next isn't the least bit theoretical or abstract.
Bruce Jackson	Both of our wars in Iraq were, on American television, largely bloodless.
Bruce Jackson	Well, I think everybody's a little jealous of the Vietnam Wall, even people from wars that already have good monuments. You have a monument like the Wall and nobody ever forgets your war, you can bet on that.
Bruce Jackson	Documentary films are created in an inverted funnel of declining possibility.
Bruce Jackson	For governments at war, the media is an instrument of war or an element in war that is to be controlled.
Bruce Jackson	I'm a schoolteacher and a writer. So that's what I do.
Bruce Jackson	Perhaps the most important lesson of the New Social Historians is that history belongs to those about whom or whose documents survive.
Bruce Jackson	Technology has changed the way book publishing works, as it has changed everything else in the world of media.
Bruce Lee	Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Bruce Lee	If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Bruce Lee	Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Bruce Lee	If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Bruce Lee	A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Bruce Lee	Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Bruce Lee	If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Bruce Lee	Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
Bruce Lee	A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Bruce Lee	Ever since I was a child I have had this instinctive urge for expansion and growth. To me, the function and duty of a quality human being is the sincere and honest development of one's potential.
Bruce Lee	I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Bruce Lee	The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
Bruce Lee	To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
Bruce Lee	I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Bruce Lee	To me, the extraordinary aspect of martial arts lies in its simplicity. The easy way is also the right way, and martial arts is nothing at all special; the closer to the true way of martial arts, the less wastage of expression there is.
Bruce Lee	Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Bruce Lee	Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
Bruce Lee	The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Bruce Lee	As you think, so shall you become.
Bruce Lee	Obey the principles without being bound by them.
Bruce Lee	It's not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
Bruce Lee	All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
Bruce Lee	Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
Bruce Lee	A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Bruce Lee	To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
Bryan Adams	Trying to manage diabetes is hard because if you don't, there are consequences you'll have to deal with later in life.
Bryan Adams	I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.
Bryan Adams	I like the idea of helping people help people.
Bryan Adams	I've always wanted to push myself and move with the tide. That's just how I am and it's worked for me.
Bryan Adams	Social media is a giant distraction to the ultimate aim, which is honing your craft as a songwriter. There are people who are exceptional at it, however, and if you can do both things, then that's fantastic, but if you are a writer, the time is better spent on a clever lyric than a clever tweet.
Bryan Adams	If your music is great, you will have fans, not because you have spent time chatting on social media.
Bryan Adams	I'm amazed every time I come back to Vancouver at how much it's changed. You go away for a month and there's three more skyscrapers.
Bryan Adams	There's not an instruction manual on how to deal with success, so you just have to rely on having great friends and a good team.
Bryan Adams	There's a saying, 'It's easy to write songs, but very difficult to write great songs.' I'm going through that right now.
Bryan Adams	I think a lot of people want to be remembered the way they were, as opposed to the way they are now.
Bryan Adams	I never had a long-term plan.
Bryan Adams	I think I'm better behind the camera than I am in front.
Bryan Adams	I'm a complete and utter busker.
Bryan Adams	I'm not afraid of being thought of as someone who is associated with film music. Why not? If it's a good song, what does it matter?
Bryan Adams	I've never been enamoured by the idea of being a celebrity.
Bryan Adams	I watch everybody every night, from sitting down to being on their feet at the end, and I feel a sense of reinvention, of caring, presenting these songs in their purest form.
Bryan Adams	Music became my focus. At 13, I was jamming with my mates. At 15, I was playing clubs.
Bryan Adams	I like to be able to present myself in two or three different ways because I've never really wanted to rest on my laurels and be something that people expected.
Bryan Adams	I need to be able to rock out.
Bryan Adams	I pack every minute I can with something to do.
Bryan Adams	I don't like long tours. I find it much easier to go out for a short spurt every month.
Bryan Adams	I moonlight as a singer.
Bryan Adams	I only write music for myself, I don't try and appeal to anyone else.
Bryan Adams	My father's a character.
Bryan Adams	To be a celebrity, I couldn't think of anything more cringe-worthy.
Bryan Callen	I guess I am attracted to older women. I'm looking for a 40-something who has had her heart broken two or three hundred times. She's going to be fun!
Bryan Callen	Some comics really thrive on being disrespectful, especially toward women, and it's somehow understood as edgy, but I'm the opposite. I've never liked curse words for that reason.
Bryan Callen	Compare sending someone a text message and getting a love letter delivered by carrier pigeon. No contest.
Bryan Callen	Guys want a 500 horsepower car. I'd rather have one horsepower - in a horse. That's macho. You go to pick up your date and you show up on a horse.
Bryan Callen	I've always wanted to be a brooding, deep, dark artist, but I can never keep that facade going for more than 15 minutes.
Bryan Callen	Women find men attractive who are aggressive... but later on, they get worried that that aggression, that alpha energy, is going to be turned back against them and their children.
Bryan Callen	My point of view is that men are basically animals, and I'm okay with that.
Bryan Callen	As an actor, you're never busy enough.
Bryan Callen	Being in quite a few movies... there's always things that are changing about a film.
Bryan Callen	Comedy is surprise. Comedy is not something that you can, necessarily, do twice.
Bryan Callen	I celebrate masculinity when I'm onstage.
Bryan Callen	I don't know much, but I like talking to people who know a lot more than I do.
Bryan Callen	I'm always driven to keep doing something different and better.
Bryan Callen	If you're the Rolling Stones, you can sing 'Start Me Up' for 35 years, and people still cheer.
Bryan Callen	It's always a shock to me when I get recognized.
Bryan Callen	My dad's idea of punishment was to dress me up in all green to disguise me as grass, and then throw me in the pasture. Cows bit me all over.
Bryan Callen	My parents were really nice to me.
Bryan Callen	One of the beautiful things about podcasting is that I'm not beholding to some public entity.
Bryan Callen	There are so many hot, sexy women in L.A.
Bryan Callen	If you actually get down to the nitty-gritty of the average Pakistani, the average Indian, the average whoever, what you really do know emotionally is that they're exactly the same.
Bryan Callen	Stand-up comedy is all you. It's your show, it's your game. You control every aspect of it - of that experience and that expression. There's really nothing quite as satisfying.
Bryan Callen	You go into an audition, you're either the one or you're not, and if you're not, you go home. And I kind of like that. If you're really good, and you're the best guy in the room that day, you get the job.
Buck Baker	When I saw all those other drivers, I realized that they wanted to win that money just as much as I did. But I didn't have to worry. A tire came off my car and I was lucky I got it off the track.
Buck Baker	Those youngsters go out there and set a record and clinch the pole position. But what do you do if you wreck your car. That record doesn't spend too well.
Bud Abbott	They disallowed this and disallowed that, and now I can't even get my head above water!
Bud Abbott	Sitting at home the way I do, I'd just love the hear from people. It'd be a great help in passing the time.
Bud Abbott	Once they get their hooks into you, you're a dead pigeon.
Bud Abbott	Now, on the St. Louis team we have Who's on first, What's on second, I Don't Know is on third.
Bud Abbott	It gets so boring at home. After all, how many reruns of Abbott and Costello movies can a guy watch on television?
Bud Abbott	You never heard of a comedy team that didn't fight, did you?
Bud Abbott	They liked me so long as the liquor flowed at my house, but I haven't seen any of them around lately.
Bud Abbott	That's why so many stars are making pictures in Europe today. The tax guys are making thieves out of everybody.
Bud Abbott	Well, I always had a chauffer, because I have never driven a car in my life. I still can't drive.
Buddha	Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha	Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Buddha	Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Buddha	Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Buddha	The mind is everything. What you think you become.
Buddha	To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
Buddha	We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Buddha	Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Buddha	To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Buddha	There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Buddha	You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
Buddha	It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
Buddha	Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Buddha	No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Buddha	Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Buddha	Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Buddha	To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
Buddha	It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
Buddha	Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
Buddha	It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Buddha	You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha	Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death.
Buddha	Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Buddha	We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
Buddha	In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves.
Buddy Ebsen	Remember, that of all the elements that comprise a human being, the most important, the most essential, the one that will sustain, transcend, overcome and vanquish obstacles is - Spirit!
Buddy Ebsen	Writing fiction, there are no limits to what you write as long as it increases the value of the paper you are writing on.
Buddy Hackett	As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Buddy Hackett	I've had a good day when I don't fall out of the cart.
Buddy Hackett	If you have the right voice and the right delivery, you're cocky enough, and you pound down on the punch line, you can say anything and make people laugh maybe three times before they realize you're not telling jokes.
Buddy Hackett	You want to know what makes me tick, I'll tell you what makes me tick. I was a boy growing up in Brooklyn; I read a two-penny magazine called 'The Hawk's Nest.' Nobody entered that nest that didn't leave a little richer and a little wiser. And that 11-year-old boy said, 'Isn't that a wonderful thing.' And that's all there is to it.
Buddy Hackett	I've had a few arguments with people, but I never carry a grudge. You know why? While you're carrying a grudge, they're out dancing.
Buddy Hackett	Ninety-nine percent is in the delivery. If you have the right voice and the right delivery, you're cocky enough, and you pound down on the punch line, you can say anything and make people laugh maybe three times before they realize you're not telling jokes.
Buddy Hackett	I have the gift of laughter. I can make people laugh at will. In good times and in bad. And that I don't question. It was a gift from God.
Buddy Hackett	Golf is more fun than walking naked in a strange place, but not much.
Buddy Hackett	At the Sahara, the seats are banked and most of the audience is looking down at the stage. Everybody in the business knows: Up for singers, down for comics. The people want to idealize a singer. They want to feel superior to a comic. You're trying to make them laugh. They can't laugh at someone they're looking up to.
Buddy Hackett	I found out that if you made people laugh, they like you. Most people got to like me because I made them laugh. When they didn't, I hit them.
Buddy Hackett	A comedian sees the world bent. I'm tangent to the circle.
Buddy Hackett	There have always been mixed emotions about Howard Cosell: Some people hate him like poison, and other people just hate him regular.
Buddy Hackett	You look up at drama, down at comedy. A singer, looking up is okay. A comic, it's death.
Buddy Hackett	When I do an hour-and-a-half show, if I don't improvise 20 minutes worth of new material each night, I feel I've let myself down.
Buddy Hackett	What makes a comedian has nothing to do with religion. Think of Red Skelton, Jimmy Durante, Jackie Gleason, who were all Catholics.
Buddy Hackett	I'm an actor. I want to do drama.
Buddy Hackett	A comic, you have to be looking down at him. My favorite rooms, the audience is above the stage, stadium-style.
Buddy Hackett	I used to like to dig myself a hole just to see how long it took to get out of it.
Buddy Hackett	I was born to be funny.
Bulent Ecevit	But if we leave them alone, just satisfying ourselves with social work, economic work and the building up of a national army, it can make progress, hopefully within a short time.
Bulent Ecevit	And it is essential that in fighting terrorism, sacrifices should not be made on democracy.
Bulent Ecevit	We have been helping, trying to help Afghanistan in many ways, even from the beginning of... the beginnings of the '20s, 1920s, when he we were fighting our own national struggle.
Bulent Ecevit	It can be rebuilt if other countries with selfish interests will not meddle, as has been done in the past.
Bulent Ecevit	After all, we paid great prices because of the virtual partitioning of Iraq.
Bulent Ecevit	And the separatist terrorist organization, PKK, had easy access to Turkey to, inside Turkey.
Bulent Ecevit	Ataturk sent several Turkish staff officers to Afghanistan, helped them build their own army.
Bulent Ecevit	No, I believe in the good will of the United States' administration.
Bulent Ecevit	So we are fulfilling our task in preventing serious armament stocks in Iraq within our possibilities.
Bulent Ecevit	Well, that our main concern is that Iraq should not become a divided country.
Bulent Ecevit	Although we dealt decisively with all terrorist organizations, we at the same time not only maintained, preserved our democracy, but kept improving it.
Bulent Ecevit	But apart from the military measures, security measures, of course, Afghanistan needs great help for building up its social life, its economic life. It has become a very poor country, neglected for many years.
Bulent Ecevit	But if too many countries, as has been the case, interfere too much in the internal affairs, the political situation of Afghanistan, then of course we can't hope satisfactory results.
Bulent Ecevit	But thanks to the efforts, the initiative of the United States and of the several countries from the world, from Europe, including Turkey, it ended within a few weeks.
Bulent Ecevit	I suggested that we had experience in helping other countries build their military forces, and we would be willing and happy to do the same for Afghanistan, together with the United States.
Bulent Ecevit	The armies, the difference of all of those armies that had been fighting each other and the Taliban took advantage of that to rule over the whole country.
Bulent Ecevit	There was expectations that the fights there, the operation there might be extended for several months, even for several years. But within a few weeks it ended, because obviously the Taliban wasn't a real force.
Bulent Ecevit	We have in the last two years, we have passed 350 legislation in the parliament, most of which deal with democratization, human rights, and of course, economy.
Burl Ives	I went to my room and packed a change of clothes, got my banjo, and started walking down the road. Soon I found myself on the open highway headed east.
Burl Ives	The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring.
Burl Ives	I stopped and gazed on the little dull man who was being paid to be a teacher of teachers. I turned and walked to the door, slammed it closed with a bang, and broken glass crashed to the floor. There was uproar behind me in the class, which did not interest me at all.
Burl Ives	How I longed to see these things; how I longed to see the Liberty Bell and walk on the streets where Thomas Jefferson, Tom Paine and Benjamin Franklin had walked.
Burt Bacharach	A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
Burt Bacharach	If Bush said just once: 'Boy. I hope you accept my apology as a country,' or showed some humanity.
Burt Bacharach	I was blown away by the standing ovation. I've had tributes before, sure, but I don't retain that feeling, and I wasn't prepared for it on Tuesday. But maybe you shouldn't retain these things or you'd be on a permanent high.
Burt Bacharach	A small town is a place where there's no place to go where you shouldn't.
Burt Bacharach	It's not getting any better, is it? I don't want my 19-year-old boy going into the army. I love these little kids. They understand how passionate I am.
Burt Bacharach	I've always had a problem with people who couldn't tell the truth or admit a mistake and say they're wrong.
Burt Bacharach	Knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing anyone can learn.
Burt Bacharach	Never be ashamed to write a melody that people remember.
Burt Bacharach	I started playing piano with a little band in high school. I was terrible. I thought I had absolutely no talent. I couldn't keep time. I only got into McGill, which was a lousy music school, because they were taking American music students.
Burt Bacharach	Because I was small, I was getting the hell kicked out of me playing football.
Burt Bacharach	I felt alienated at school, and I never did well with girls.
Burt Bacharach	I recorded the song live in front of an orchestra, and yes, I was very moved, I was in tears.
Burt Bacharach	The music is the last thing I'm thinking about right now, in order of what's important.
Burt Bacharach	I'd met Dr Dre, he was thinking about his next album, we talked a little and he said, 'Let me give you some of these loops and see what you come up with'.
C. L. R. James	Today, in American imperialism, the commodity has reached its most grandiose historical manifestation.
C. L. R. James	After World War I the resentment of the working class against all that it had to suffer was directed more against Morgan, Wall Street and private capital than the government.
C. L. R. James	The international proletariat first appeared on the scene in the early Thirties of the nineteenth century, and its first great action was the French Revolution of 1848.
C. L. R. James	It is in revolutionary periods that the culmination of previous trends and the beginning of new ones appear.
C. L. R. James	Technological discoveries are the spermatozoa of social change.
C. L. R. James	As the class struggle sharpens in the U.S. Marxism will come into its own as a great popular study.
C. L. R. James	Imperialist enterprise draws political consequences.
C. L. R. James	In the last quarter of the eighteenth century bourgeois Europe needed to emancipate itself from that combination of feudalism and commercial capitalism which we know as mercantilism.
C. L. R. James	All the world has been converted and Washington is the modem Mecca.
C. L. R. James	The Paris Commune was first and foremost a democracy. The government was a body elected by universal suffrage.
C. L. R. James	I had a national and international reputation. I had written the history and articles. So I brought to the Trotskyist movement some international reputation.
C. L. R. James	It is over one hundred years since the abolition of slavery. The Negro people in the United States have taken plenty and they have reached a stage where they have decided that they are not going to take any more.
C. L. R. James	One of the surest signs of the estimated changes in the consciousness of the American proletariat is to be found in the character of the demands now being put forward by the leadership.
C. L. R. James	Today we ought to be able to see first that Booker T. Washington faced a situation in which he was seeking desperately for a way out, and he could see no way out except capitulation.
C. L. R. James	All peoples are entangled in the net of the world market.
C. L. R. James	The most striking development of the great depression of 1929 is a profound skepticism of the future of contemporary society among large sections of the American people.
C. L. R. James	The country has undergone a profound social upheaval, the greatest the proletariat has ever known.
C. L. R. James	Capitalism has socialized production. It has brought thousands of people together in the factory and involved them in new social relationships.
C. L. R. James	It is not only that Germany has been defeated in the war, Kaiser Wilhelm's Germany was defeated.
C. L. R. James	First of all, Bolshevism represents revolution and the revolutionary struggle.
C. L. R. James	I may as well say it, I have been married three times.
C. L. R. James	I must say the idea of a United Africa was nonsense.
C. L. R. James	The antagonisms between men and women express themselves in the most delicate phase of their life together - in their sexual relationship.
C. L. R. James	The home stands in contrast to all other capitalist institutions as the last stronghold of pre-capitalist isolation.
C. L. R. James	Du Bois marked a great stage in the history of Negro struggles when he said that Negroes could no longer accept the subordination which Booker T. Washington had preached.
C. S. Lewis	You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
C. S. Lewis	Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
C. S. Lewis	Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
C. S. Lewis	It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.
C. S. Lewis	I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.
C. S. Lewis	Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
C. S. Lewis	Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.
C. S. Lewis	Literature adds to reality, it does not simply describe it. It enriches the necessary competencies that daily life requires and provides; and in this respect, it irrigates the deserts that our lives have already become.
C. S. Lewis	The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
C. S. Lewis	God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
C. S. Lewis	A man who is eating or lying with his wife or preparing to go to sleep in humility, thankfulness and temperance, is, by Christian standards, in an infinitely higher state than one who is listening to Bach or reading Plato in a state of pride.
C. S. Lewis	Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.
C. S. Lewis	If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end; if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.
C. S. Lewis	We all want progress, but if you're on the wrong road, progress means doing an about-turn and walking back to the right road; in that case, the man who turns back soonest is the most progressive.
C. S. Lewis	Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
C. S. Lewis	If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never know it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.
C. S. Lewis	Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
C. S. Lewis	There are two kinds of people: those who say to God, 'Thy will be done,' and those to whom God says, 'All right, then, have it your way.'
C. S. Lewis	Part of every misery is, so to speak, the misery's shadow or reflection: the fact that you don't merely suffer but have to keep on thinking about the fact that you suffer. I not only live each endless day in grief, but live each day thinking about living each day in grief.
C. S. Lewis	The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of 60 minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
C. S. Lewis	If you read history you will find that the Christians who did most for the present world were precisely those who thought most of the next. It is since Christians have largely ceased to think of the other world that they have become so ineffective in this.
C. S. Lewis	Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
C. S. Lewis	Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind.
C. S. Lewis	You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me.
C. S. Lewis	Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Cab Calloway	My audience was my life. What I did and how I did it, was all for my audience.
Cab Calloway	Everybody did something. It was very entertaining. We had a lot of fun. Lot of fun. And there was no segregation, that I could see. I never saw any.
Cab Calloway	A movie and a stage show are two entirely different things. A picture, you can do anything you want. Change it, cut out a scene, put in a scene, take a scene out. They don't do that on stage.
Cab Calloway	It's very difficult to photograph an opera. And they messed up on it. It just wasn't there. And I don't blame the Gershwins for taking it away. Of course, if they had gotten the original company to have done it, it would have been very good.
Cab Calloway	90%, 100% are going there to hear the singing. The story is another thing. Nobody's interested in the story. Happiness is happiness.
Cab Calloway	Everybody that you could name would join in our audiences from, Laguardia on down. Everybody came. Everybody came to the Cotton Club.
Cab Calloway	We didn't have any segregation at the Cotton Club. No. The Cotton Club was wide open, it was free.
Cab Calloway	What opera isn't violent? Two things happen, violence and love. And other than that, name something else. You can't.
Cab Calloway	That's what George wrote! He wrote it. Why change it? There was this European company that I was speaking about awhile ago - course, didn't nobody know what Porgy was.
Cab Calloway	The only credit I can give them. They synchronize wonderful. That's all. They synchronize very - you would have thought that they were actually acting, but they were synching all the time, and that's a rough job.
Cab Calloway	You don't think it was because a white man wrote it, a black man wrote it, a green man wrote it. What - doesn't make a difference! Doesn't make a difference. I think he did a good job.
Cab Calloway	We usually never got out of there before four or five o'clock in the morning. Every morning. So it was rough.
Cab Calloway	Bubbles was a very good dancer. Tremendous dancer. He was one of our leading dancers of the country at that time. And, of course, he didn't have much of a voice.
Cab Calloway	I think it was just an opera. Now, you go to opera, you expect to see and hear what the opera is. So, it was Catfish Row. It was singers. Marvelous voices. It didn't make no difference what color they were.
Cab Calloway	At times as a performer they segregated us in some of theatres.
Cab Calloway	He was a silly guy. Out - do the other guy. That was his effort at all times.
Caitlin Hale	Jack Black is so funny! On and off screen, like, he would make you laugh every day. He's hilarious.
Caitlin Hale	'School of Rock' was just once in a lifetime things; I want to be a doctor, actually. I'd go an do the sequel if they asked me to.
Caitlin Hale	The whole 'School of Rock' experience was really cool, and just meeting new people from all over.
Caitlin Hale	I love singing and performing. I'm always singing. Even if I'm at school or in the car, I'm always singing. My mom said ever since I could talk, I was singing.
Caitriona Balfe	Doesn't everyone hate Kristen Stewart?
Caitriona Balfe	'Game of Thrones' has multiple story lines, multiple countries, and it's complete fantasy.
Caitriona Balfe	Glasgow has truly become my home away from home.
Caitriona Balfe	I didn't start traveling abroad until I was 17, but I spent many summers on the beaches of Donegal in Ireland.
Caitriona Balfe	I enjoyed L.A. because it was nice to be in the sunshine and live in a house with proper wardrobes. I loved the space.
Caitriona Balfe	I think the first role I ever played was Mr. Bumble in a production of 'Oliver.'
Caitriona Balfe	I would've been a really big silent movie star.
Caitriona Balfe	Many children with cancer in the developing world can be cured. But without appropriate treatment, few survive.
Caitriona Balfe	Modelling wasn't a passion of mine, so that made it get old kind of quickly. I was getting very frustrated.
Caitriona Balfe	New York's definitely got my heart.
Caitriona Balfe	The hardest part when I decided to move into acting was trusting I'd made the right decision.
Caitriona Balfe	The Scottish Highlands are incredible. There seems to be magic and poetry everywhere.
Caitriona Balfe	When I was 18, I left Dublin and moved to Paris. I didn't speak French. I didn't know anyone. I felt like a fish out of water.
Caitriona Balfe	When we think about the past, we think, 'It must have been so boring.' It's actually not.
Caitriona Balfe	I saw a documentary on the Naadam festival that happens in Mongolia during the summer. One of the features of it is a horse race across the plains that all the young men enter - some as young as 12 years old. It's such a spectacular sight. It's incredible to think that this is a tradition that has been going on for centuries.
Caitriona Balfe	I think every credit you get and every film you have your name attached to makes things a little bit easier. It definitely opens doors up, but it's still a grind.
Caitriona Balfe	I was at a restaurant in Glasgow, and I was walking down the stairs. A woman passed me and said, 'Oh my God, what are you doing here?' I didn't know who she was, and I was like, 'Sorry?' She goes, 'Oh no, sorry, I follow you on Twitter. I just didn't expect to see you here.'
Caitriona Balfe	The herbalist I met a few times - it was great - she gave me literature about the different processes that an herbalist would do to make medicines from certain herbs and things.
Calvin Coolidge	Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Calvin Coolidge	Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Calvin Coolidge	No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
Calvin Coolidge	All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
Calvin Coolidge	Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.
Calvin Coolidge	Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.
Calvin Coolidge	There is no dignity quite so impressive, and no one independence quite so important, as living within your means.
Calvin Coolidge	It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow.
Calvin Coolidge	I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
Calvin Coolidge	To live under the American Constitution is the greatest political privilege that was ever accorded to the human race.
Calvin Coolidge	There is no force so democratic as the force of an ideal.
Calvin Coolidge	Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.
Calvin Coolidge	Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.
Calvin Coolidge	It takes a great man to be a good listener.
Calvin Coolidge	We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
Calvin Coolidge	The man who builds a factory builds a temple, that the man who works there worships there, and to each is due, not scorn and blame, but reverence and praise.
Calvin Coolidge	We need more of the Office Desk and less of the Show Window in politics. Let men in office substitute the midnight oil for the limelight.
Calvin Coolidge	I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm.
Calvin Coolidge	Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business.
Calvin Coolidge	Industry, thrift and self-control are not sought because they create wealth, but because they create character.
Calvin Coolidge	If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you.
Calvin Coolidge	Never go out to meet trouble. If you just sit still, nine cases out of ten, someone will intercept it before it reaches you.
Calvin Coolidge	Little progress can be made by merely attempting to repress what is evil. Our great hope lies in developing what is good.
Calvin Coolidge	The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge, it is always simple and direct.
Calvin Coolidge	When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
Candice Accola	When you're watching television, you don't want to watch a show where everything just works out. You don't want to see a relationship that's just blossoming and everyone's happy and sunshine and roses all the time. That's also not true in life.
Candice Accola	I thought I'd be edgy and dye my hair red. And I dyed my hair, like, Jessica Rabbit red. It kind of allowed me to have this whole new confidence and this whole new swagger and this whole new sense of self. It kind of brought out the inner rock star in me. I had never dyed my hair like that, and no one forgot me after that.
Candice Accola	I'm a television junkie.
Candice Accola	I'm more obsessed with the idea of vacation than any one particular vacation spot. I love to explore new places and cultures.
Candice Accola	There's so many great designers. I'm a little bit of a vintage junkie when it comes to going out. I like to get unique pieces that you won't see everyone wearing, but at the same time I don't like to break the bank. I like to find great vintage pieces that you can hold on to for a long time.
Candice Accola	For skincare, I'm a Clean and Clear girl. Especially with the humidity in Georgia, Clean and Clear has been pretty good to me with all of the makeup we have to wear. My skin really responds to that product. I'm also a big fan of Kiehl's under-eye avocado cream.
Candice Accola	I burn very easily, so if I forget sunscreen, I will be a tomato by the end of the day. I'm very big on sunscreen and hats. I grew up in Florida, and I love the beach, and I think it's healthy to get a little bit of color.
Candice Accola	I don't think I could have a genuine relationship with someone who didn't love to travel and appreciate new foods. Traveling is a big part of my life, and I want to share that with the people close to me.
Candice Accola	I have a collection of impractical vintage dresses and jackets. I guess I never grew out of the 'playing dress up' faze. It's actually a bit of a problem.
Candice Accola	I love to read. And right now I'm on my last hundred pages of 'The Corrections' by Jonathan Franzen, and I really enjoyed it. His writing is just - he's one of those writers where you just go, 'There are people just meant to be novel writers.'
Candice Accola	I was very fortunate to grow up with parents who love to travel, so I traveled from a young age. My dad's a heart surgeon and goes to conferences all over the world. By the time I was seven, I traveled outside the country for the first time. We went to Paris. The next year, we went to London, and then Brussels.
Candice Accola	In case you haven't heard, my girlfriends and I have declared the summer of 2012 as the best summer ever. The best way to document said 'best summer ever' is with a good ol' disposable camera. Smile, click, move on! Nobody gets pic approval, and there's no time wasted gathering around the camera to analyze a moment that just happened.
Candice Accola	My favorite thing about playing a vampire is the stunts. It's just a new, fun thing to do. Especially as a girl, being able to be all dolled up in heels and little outfits and be able to kick boys' butts, I think it's a really fun, make-believe world to play.
Candice Accola	With 'The Vampire Diaries,' it's not just a tease, especially with the relationships. You're not sitting there going, 'God, I wish they'd get it over with and kiss!' There's no teasing, they jump right into the action.
Candice Accola	I've dated people where we traveled horribly together, and if one thing went wrong, it was horrible for them. Then I've been fortunate enough to have great traveling experiences where everything lined up and even when things went wrong, you just laughed about it. You learn so much about yourself when you're traveling with someone.
Candice Accola	It's always weird when you see a movie, and there's no reason for someone to, like, jump on stage and be a singer, and then they just do that... But if it came organically, I would grab that mike and jump on stage for sure.
Candice Accola	It's something that I love about this business and that scares me about this business, but in a good way. You just never know what's going to happen. And things change constantly. But there's always opportunities for new work, so you just have to enjoy the job that you're on while you're on it because it doesn't last forever.
Candice Accola	Weezer's 'El Scorcho.' I'm in a '90s cover band called 'Straight 2 Video' with members of the crew from 'The Vampire Diaries,' and we played this song at our wrap party. I grin from ear to ear every time I scream this song in my car.
Candice Accola	I love a good cliffhanger. I love when big events happen in shows. I love shows that aren't afraid to take risks and to really do what's best for the story line and realistic for the story line.
Candice Accola	I love Amy Adams. She is wonderful. Evan Rachel Wood is a blast. I am also really excited about Ari Graynor from 'Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist' and 'American Crime.' I think it is an exciting time for young women in this industry. I am excited to make my own path.
Candice Accola	I love spin classes. I'm also very big on music, so I make a mix on my iPod that's 45 minutes to an hour long of music that pumps me up so I know how much time I've been at the gym without looking at the clock. Put your favorite songs towards the end of the mix, so this way you keep going until you hear your favorite song.
Candice Accola	If I'm getting dressed up, I love Alice + Olivia, they have great pieces. I still look at all of the whowhatwhere.com and I read all of the fashion blogs. I'm working my way up to more grown up pieces.
Cao Cao	What is at a peak is certain to decline. He who shows his hand will surely be defeated. He who can prevail in battle by taking advantage of his enemy's doubts is invincible.
Cao Cao	I'd rather betray the world than let the world betray me.
Capucine	I used to think I needed a man to define myself. Not any more.
Carl Hagelin	Being surrounded by hockey, I got forced into it as a kid. I started skating when I was 4 and had a rink only 10 minutes from my home. In my town, we had one outdoor rink and one indoor rink, so you could skate all year long. I lived by a lake, too, so we did a lot of skating on the lake.
Carl Hagelin	I had more friends on my hockey team than I did on my soccer team. I might have been better at soccer, to be honest. But I think it was more the friendship, and my family was more of a hockey family than a soccer family, so when I had to make a decision, I tried hockey, and it turned out to be a good decision.
Carl Hagelin	I think I always just want to get better at whatever I'm doing... Always strive for excellence.
Carl Hagelin	For guys who are into fitness, I think it's important to wear slim-fit stuff that is pretty tight so they can show off the bodies they have been working hard to have. Women are going to appreciate that.
Carl Hagelin	I never want to hurt anyone on the ice. That's not the type of player I am.
Carl Hagelin	I like to wear tight jeans. Most of my stuff is pretty slim fit.
Carl Hagelin	There are guys out there faster than me.
Carl Hagelin	You want to play in every game, and you especially don't want to be in the penalty box for five minutes and give the other team a chance to get a power play, and you don't want to hurt anyone on the other team.
Carl Hagelin	As a hockey player, playing for an Original Six team at Madison Square Garden, where it's packed every night, there's nothing like it.
Carl Hagelin	Being in my best shape, my conditioning, it's something I pride myself in.
Carl Hagelin	Boating on the lake is one of my favorite summer activities.
Carl Hagelin	Hair wax is my go-to. When it comes to shampoo, I use whatever is at the rink.
Carl Hagelin	I love to play tennis. I play a lot in the summer. I'm not a big golfer; I need something a bit more intense.
Carl Hagelin	Ranger fans, they're expecting you to win, so you really want to show up every day.
Carl Hagelin	'Superbad' and 'Remember the Titans' - two movies I can watch over and over again. I watch 'Superbad' whenever I need to laugh.
Carl Hagelin	Growing up in Europe, tight clothing is pretty standard. When I got to college, clothes were loose, so I was going toward more loose stuff. As soon as I got back to New York, I started wearing suits 25% of the year. Then, I realized how important it is for the suit to really fit you and be tight.
Carl Hagelin	As a kid, I was so short, it was tough for me to keep up with the taller guys. I always had quick feet, but I just didn't have any power, really, as a kid.
Carl Hagelin	I went to hockey camp at Michigan because my dad has some relatives in the Ann Arbor area. We went to visit them as kids, and you start to learn the language from being around people. At the same time, when I got to college, I thought my English was better than it really was. I learned a lot over my four years.
Carl Hagelin	In Sweden, they broadcast the American shows in English with Swedish subtitles, whereas in many European countries they dub them. Watching those shows in English was big for me.
Carl Hagelin	Since we travel a lot as a team, I spend a lot of time on a plane where I like to play 'Football Manager.' I have been a soccer fan since I was 5 years old, so to be able to manage soccer teams is a lot of fun.
Carl Hagelin	There's always pressure playing in the NHL. You want to play your best game every game. Expectations are always gonna be there; it's just important that you know how to handle expectations.
Carl Hagelin	When I'm in the city, I like to go to different events and get introduced to different people. That's what New York is all about. There is great diversity, and there are people from all over the world who have done amazing things. That's my favorite thing to do: meet new people.
Carl Icahn	You learn in this business: It you want a friend, get a dog.
Carl Icahn	Don't go in and tell somebody else how to run their business.
Carl Icahn	I enjoy the hunt much more than the 'good life' after the victory.
Carl Icahn	I'm a cynic about corporate democracy and boards.
Carl Icahn	When you have no one to answer to, vendetta as investment strategy is as legitimate as anything.
Carl Icahn	In 2008, people who invested in hedge funds needed capital badly, but many of the funds would not return their money. However, I gave money back to any investor who requested it. It was the bottom of the market and a pretty tough time.
Carl Icahn	Anyone that makes me a quarter of a billion dollars, I like.
Carl Icahn	I like winning. There's also a certain joy in it. I feel fulfilled by it.
Carl Icahn	My wife watches me like a hawk.
Carl Jung	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Carl Jung	Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Carl Jung	One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
Carl Jung	The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Carl Jung	Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Carl Jung	Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
Carl Jung	The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
Carl Jung	Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Carl Jung	We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
Carl Jung	Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Carl Jung	In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Carl Jung	The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Carl Jung	The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.
Carl Jung	A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment.
Carl Jung	The most intense conflicts, if overcome, leave behind a sense of security and calm that is not easily disturbed. It is just these intense conflicts and their conflagration which are needed to produce valuable and lasting results.
Carl Jung	The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
Carl Jung	Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
Carl Jung	As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
Carl Jung	There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
Carl Jung	We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.
Carl Jung	The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the objects it loves.
Carl Jung	We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.
Carl Jung	Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
Carl Jung	Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Carl Jung	Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	A musician cannot move others unless he too is moved. He must of necessity feel all of the affects that he hopes to arouse in his audience, for the revealing of his own humour will stimulate a like humour in the listener.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	What comprises good performance? The ability through singing or playing to make the ear conscious of the true content and affect of a composition.
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach	According to my principles, every master has his true and certain value. Praise and criticism cannot change any of that. Only the work itself praises and criticizes the master, and therefore I leave to everyone his own value.
Carl Sagan	Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sagan	We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.
Carl Sagan	Who are we? We find that we live on an insignificant planet of a humdrum star lost in a galaxy tucked away in some forgotten corner of a universe in which there are far more galaxies than people.
Carl Sagan	Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
Carl Sagan	Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
Carl Sagan	For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
Carl Sagan	It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
Carl Sagan	If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.
Carl Sagan	Extinction is the rule. Survival is the exception.
Carl Sagan	We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.
Carl Sagan	I am often amazed at how much more capability and enthusiasm for science there is among elementary school youngsters than among college students.
Carl Sagan	For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.
Carl Sagan	When you make the finding yourself - even if you're the last person on Earth to see the light - you'll never forget it.
Carl Sagan	The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
Carl Sagan	Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Carl Sagan	The brain is like a muscle. When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.
Carl Sagan	But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
Carl Sagan	The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition.
Carl Sagan	We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology.
Carl Sagan	If we long to believe that the stars rise and set for us, that we are the reason there is a Universe, does science do us a disservice in deflating our conceits?
Carl Sagan	A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.
Carl Sagan	I can find in my undergraduate classes, bright students who do not know that the stars rise and set at night, or even that the Sun is a star.
Carl Sagan	Skeptical scrutiny is the means, in both science and religion, by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense.
Carl Sagan	Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.
Carl Sagan	Our species needs, and deserves, a citizenry with minds wide awake and a basic understanding of how the world works.
Carl Sandburg	I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Carl Sandburg	Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Carl Sandburg	Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
Carl Sandburg	A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
Carl Sandburg	Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Carl Sandburg	The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring.
Carl Sandburg	The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
Carl Sandburg	Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Carl Sandburg	To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Carl Sandburg	I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way.
Carl Sandburg	There is an eagle in me that wants to soar, and there is a hippopotamus in me that wants to wallow in the mud.
Carl Sandburg	I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems; and remember, no one can get the jump on the future.
Carl Sandburg	Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Carl Sandburg	Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment.
Carl Sandburg	I learned you can't trust the judgment of good friends.
Carl Sandburg	I doubt if you can have a truly wild party without liquor.
Carl Sandburg	Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.
Carl Sandburg	Let the gentle bush dig its root deep and spread upward to split the boulder.
Carl Sandburg	To work hard, to live hard, to die hard, and then go to hell after all would be too damn hard.
Carl Sandburg	You remember some bedrooms you have slept in. There are bedrooms you like to remember and others you would like to forget.
Carl Sandburg	Love your neighbor as yourself; but don't take down the fence.
Carl Sandburg	When a nation goes down, or a society perishes, one condition may always be found; they forgot where they came from. They lost sight of what had brought them along.
Carl Sandburg	Slang is a language that rolls up its sleeves, spits on its hands and goes to work.
Carl Sandburg	Strange things blow in through my window on the wings of the night wind and I don't worry about my destiny.
Carl Sandburg	Ordering a man to write a poem is like commanding a pregnant woman to give birth to a red-headed child.
Carla Gallo	About once every four days, someone comes up to me and is like, 'Hey, I know you from somewhere.'
Carla Gallo	I once literally had a casting director ask my agent, 'Can she play anything other than a drunk?'
Carla Gallo	I'm the girl next door, not the sex symbol.
Carla Gallo	I've never had someone pick outfits for me. Almost everything I get is from Goodwill.
Carla Gallo	What I really honestly want is just to be working steadily... I would love to just be on a great TV show and have it run for awhile.
Carla Gallo	On 'Undeclared,' I was actually the only person who had gone to college. Here we are doing this college show, and no one had actually really been, and it was so bizarre to me.
Carla Gallo	The emotional stuff is the biggest challenge, for me to access that. As life passes, you encounter difficulties and tragedies, and so it becomes easier. 'Carnivale' required that of me, and it was really hard.
Carla Hall	One of my early childhood memories was my grandmother always having a bowl of Nestle chocolate bars at her house. My sister and I would argue over who could eat the chocolate bars. Looking back, I don't know why we just didn't share. We could have split them.
Carla Hall	The biggest challenge of being a pastry chef is that, unlike other types of chefs, you can't throw things together at a farmer's market. When you're working with baking powder and a formula, you have to be exact. If not, things can go wrong.
Carla Hall	In catering, you're always changing; the client is always dictating to you in terms of their wishes.
Carla Hall	I always tell people a clean cooking area is a clean mind which is available for the creativity.
Carla Hall	My biggest fear has always been being 40 and hating my job. I love challenges. I'm not afraid to try anything.
Carla Hall	When I do something that's stressful, I have to find a moment of peace, so I tend to meditate and get in the flow. It's a regular practice of mine.
Carla Hall	My plans are not to open a restaurant, but what I would like to do is open a kitchen somewhere in D.C. proper and have a chef's table where people can come and taste my food without having to have a catered event.
Carla Hall	What I love about 'The Chew' is that we have these celebrities come on, and you get to see them in a different light, cooking or enjoying food, when we usually don't see them in that setting. So it's a lot of fun for their fans to see them be normal people and having that commonality of food.
Carla Hall	When people around me are getting rattled, I may just close my eyes and do a breathing exercise.
Carla Hall	Turkey is fine, but if I don't have the sides, forget about it. And cornbread stuffing is at the center of my plate. I will have about six sides and then a little bit of turkey and gravy.
Carla Hall	Casseroles are one-pot-wonders!
Carla Hall	For me, I love the flavors of Southern food, and people usually think of Southern food as heavy and fattening, but it doesn't have to be.
Carla Hall	I believe that there are no mistakes in the universe, so I think it all happens as it should!
Carla Hall	I think of New Yorkers as not taking the time to talk to someone they don't know.
Carla Hall	Keeping your space clean is as much a part of the end result as the dish being tasty.
Carla Hall	I was in Paris, Milan and London from '89 until '91, and I did mostly runway modeling. I know there's so many people out there looking for pictures, but this was way before the age of the Internet, sorry!
Carla Hall	I say 'no' to nothing, 'yes' to moderation. That's how I approach everything. No matter if it's candy or foie gras. When you have the real deal, you're satisfied with that one bite. I say go full throttle and call it a day.
Carla Hall	I went to L'Academie de Cuisine in Gaithersburg, Maryland, and I think French cooking is the basis for a lot of classical cuisine, a foundation of a lot of other cuisines. That said, it's not the only way to approach a cooking career.
Carla Hall	When I first started cooking, I was very much an intuitive cook when it came to taste, but that didn't mean I didn't want to know why some things worked and why others did not. My interest took me to culinary school.
Carmen Ejogo	Any good director, and I've worked with a few that I would call very good, they know how to disarm any anxieties very quickly.
Carmen Ejogo	I make a really delicious eggplant and squash curry that's inspired by Vij of Vij's Restaurant, a great chef and restaurateur in Vancouver. I like to cook that dish because it's really simple, but the flavor is so pungent and intense that I feel like I'm a real chef whenever I create it.
Carmen Ejogo	I really feel that I had a genuinely diverse, multicultural upbringing, and I just don't find New York to be quite as diverse. Maybe I'm romanticising, but I feel that I was exposed to a real melting pot in terms of culture and pop culture. My kids are essentially middle-class, but I do try to remind them that they come from humble beginnings.
Carmen Ejogo	I was a big fan of John Cassavetes, his wife, Gena Rowlands, and that era of filmmaking which was about realism and which represented the antithesis of the dreamy escapism you found in musicals.
Carmen Ejogo	I was this very precocious kid with a big personality. When my mother saw that modelling was something I enjoyed, she didn't dissuade me.
Carmen Ejogo	You have to be willing to be afraid if you're going to be an artist.
Carmen Ejogo	Growing up in London, with a hippie mom, I don't know that I'm most people's definition of what a black person is. I'm mixed, yes, but in the world I'm defined as black before I'm defined white. I've never been called white.
Carmen Ejogo	As an artist, there's so many categories that you're put into, that there are so many things that I'm about that I've never explored as an artist on film. I don't see myself in so many characters in film.
Carmen Ejogo	I dabbled a little bit in the whole music thing but I've always thought about Bernie Taupin, who is Elton John's lyricist; Elton John is the great melody and song writer but Bernie Taupin is the one who writes all the lyrics. I don't write lyrics, and I never wanted to be in the music business if I was just going to be a puppet in it.
Carmen Ejogo	I can remember being very keen to go to drama school at the age of eight, and practising ballet in my bedroom to Queen soundtracks.
Carmen Ejogo	I wanted to work with Mike Leigh. I had my list of British people I wanted to work with, and I wanted to work with David Lynch and Woody Allen.
Carmen Ejogo	I've stayed away from sexy roles. It's never interested me.
Carmen Ejogo	Coming from the U.K., I can think of so many great songs and musical moments that didn't require a belter of a voice; my favorite singer is Kate Bush and she's not a belter, or PJ Harvey... I'm definitely more of an alternative girl.
Carmen Ejogo	Great artists are the ones who have put their entire selves out there to be adored, humiliated, to be picked at, cherished, all of those things, and haven't shied away from that.
Carmen Ejogo	One of the reasons I didn't ever pursue a career - in the music world if you're black or mixed, you need to be able to belt a song or else you're not a singer, you know?
Carmen Ejogo	There are many mediocre entertainers who don't aspire to much more than fame and glory. It's very easy to have them as your role models because there aren't as many greats. Go back, discover the greats, and take it from there.
Carmen Ejogo	There was a point when I was very young where I remember talking with my mom about going to drama school and this was maybe when I was 8, 9, 10 years old - and she knew that I was also academically very capable, and she steered me in another direction.
Carmen Electra	I have a constant sweet tooth, so I like anything from the bakery, like cupcakes, cookies.
Carmen Electra	For some reason if we hear 100 praises and one criticism, we focus on that one hurtful thing.
Carmen Electra	I love to go get fireworks, even though some of them are illegal.
Carmen Electra	People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.
Carmen Electra	Being flirty is a way of letting a guy know you're interested without making a fool out of yourself.
Carmen Electra	If you don't have a valentine, hang out with your girlfriends, don't go looking for someone. When it's right, they'll come to you.
Carmen Electra	I love kids. I just love kids. They put you in a good mood and they are so full of life.
Carmen Electra	I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart.
Carmen Electra	I know I'm not perfect.
Carmen Electra	I guess I've always been attracted to people who stand out as individuals - people who are adventurous and take chances.
Carmen Electra	Laughing makes everything easier.
Carmen Electra	No matter where I've been overseas, the food stinks, except in Italy.
Carmen Electra	It's always great to have a great mascara that makes your lashes look thick and full. That's a definite must have.
Carmen Electra	For some reason I only crave fruit when I'm in a tropical place - if it's really hot in the summer or if I go to a tropical island for work. But otherwise I really don't crave it.
Carmen Electra	Dinner is a great first date. Don't believe that stuff about girls not wanting to eat on a first date - sharing a romantic meal is so sexy.
Carmen Electra	Everyone has different layers to who they are.
Carmen Electra	Dancing is my number one love. That was my first goal as a child. I would love to do stage, maybe do Chicago. I love being in front of an audience. It's so stimulating. I also love to barbecue.
Carmen Electra	I love doing comedy - I get a laugh out of it, it's not so serious.
Carmen Electra	I think it's sexy when someone makes a statement that says, 'This is who I am. This is what I think is sexy.'
Carmen Electra	I would love to do more music, definitely. That is my true passion. Dance is first and then music.
Carmen Electra	One of the big misconceptions about me is that I walk around in mini-skirts and high heels twenty-four seven and go to the gym in heels.
Carmen Electra	With Aerobic Strip Tease, you can do it at home - it makes it easier for women that don't want to go to the gym.
Carmen Electra	Am I still interested in a guy's body? Now that I have grown up, I am much more of a 'vibe' kind of person! If a man has a good body, that is an added plus.
Carmen Electra	I was performing in this burlesque group, and we would go to dance rehearsals every day. You'd use every part of your body. Even though some of it is slow, it takes a lot of muscle to be able to dip down and come back up.
Carmen Electra	I'm more attracted to a stronger man rather than a feminine man. Someone who would just throw me down and take control. I love feeling helpless. I definitely like a man who is aggressive and confident.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I have this firm belief that I am who I am for a reason. If I change something, I'm cheating myself of whatever it is I'm supposed to learn from my body. You know, I'm legally blind. I'm 20/750, since I was in fifth grade. I wear glasses and contacts. But I won't even get LASIK.
Carrie Ann Inaba	One of the best gifts you can give to an animal is a donation of a blanket to your local animal shelter during the winter months.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I do a one-hour workout called Drenched, a cardio-boxing fitness routine, Monday through Friday. There are usually between twenty-five and fifty people there - everyone from stay-at-home moms and professional martial artists to teenagers and seniors. They play great dance music. When I can, I take two classes back-to-back.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I don't need that much to live - we don't need that much to have a wonderful life. I learned that from animals.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I went through this phase where I thought pink and purple matched. To dance class, I'd wear purple tights and pink leg warmers and paint my shoes purple. It was really odd.
Carrie Ann Inaba	My poor vision gives me a soft-focus morning. For the first half hour, I kind of wander through my house, and everything is a blur. I put my contacts in when I'm ready to deal with the world.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I'm very lucky because I love fruit and to this day, that has saved me because I'd much rather have fruit than cookies.
Carrie Ann Inaba	Love is the one thing in life that makes everything worthwhile.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I have arthritis. The space around my spinal cord has become compressed.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I love pets and I love animals, and I just got a new puppy, a new rescue named Peanut. She's a tiny little Chihuahua mix.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I love fresh fruit and vegetables. I'm not a strict dieter. I don't think that anything in life should be so regimented that you're not having fun or can't enjoy like everybody else. Just know that fresh food is always going to be better for you.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I wasn't a ballet baby. My first dance class was in an outdoor pavilion when I was three. It was called 'creative movement.' The teacher gave us chiffon scarves in beautiful colors. She turned on some music and said, 'Now go dance.' So for me, dance has always been about self-expression.
Carrie Ann Inaba	During the first couple of years of 'Dancing with the Stars,' I would go to Jack in the Box in my ball gown after the shows and get the Taco Nachos with cheese as my reward.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I love soup 'cause I don't like to cook. It's so easy to prepare, and it fills you up and gives you all the nutrients you need. It's a well-balanced meal, but you don't have to do a lot of preparation.
Carrie Ann Inaba	My mother, on Sundays, used to prepare things to use during the week, like freshly made broth. It wasn't chicken stock or pasta sauces. She always made her own homemade pasta. So, the amount of dedication that goes into what these people used to do - it was a long time ago but you come to appreciate the hard work and the care about little things.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I'm considering going back to school to become a registered dance therapist.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I come from a dancing background, and I know it's stereotypical, but I would dance because I wasn't comfortable speaking to people.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I love the show 'Damages!' I am truly addicted.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I really do want to have a child.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I started my career as a singer in Japan, but left it all behind to focus on my dancing career.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I've never been supercritical about my body.
Carrie Ann Inaba	JLo and I did not get along well when we worked together. I don't think there's love lost. I don't know if there was a lot of love from the very beginning.
Carrie Ann Inaba	I've always gone out with much younger guys. But I rushed into relationships before really getting to know the person. What would come up as a warning sign within the first two weeks of dating would usually be the exact reason the relationship would end!
Carrie Ann Inaba	I've really become super active in rescuing animals, and it has made my life feel so much better. I can't even express to you how happy it has made me.
Carrie Ann Inaba	My grandmother used to cook for eight every day - sitting down lunches and dinner, the way you do it in Italy, you sit down. And when my parents could afford their own place, I went with them but still my mother used to work but used to come back from work to cook lunch for my father, come back from work, cook dinner for my father and me.
Carroll Baker	The big one I missed out on was 'Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.' MGM wanted me for it, and Warner Bros. wouldn't give me permission to do it.
Carroll Baker	When Clark Gable kissed me, they had to carry me off the set.
Carroll Baker	I was very young when I saw 'Gone With the Wind,' but I fell in love with Clark Gable. And when I got to work with him, I couldn't believe it. I still had a crush on him. He was quite an old man by then; he must have seen that I was head over heels, even though I was married.
Carroll Baker	After 'Baby Doll,' I did some Westerns. I would try to do something so far away from 'Baby Doll.'
Carroll Baker	Bad directors are the ones who want to tell you every move, and think they're a better actor than you.
Carroll O'Connor	It seems that entertainment is what most excites us and what we value above everything else.
Carroll O'Connor	I enjoyed in every way my 12 years of playing Archie, and I wasn't personally sad about finishing a long job.
Carroll O'Connor	Nations have come under the control of haters and fools.
Carroll O'Connor	Talent can be developed, gift is God-given. But artists have both.
Carroll O'Connor	I hate pride, but if I were going to be proud of anything it would have to be something I'd done myself. Race pride is kind of stupid.
Carroll O'Connor	Some people thought we were presenting Archie as a false character. President Nixon thought we were making a fool out of a good man.
Carroll O'Connor	Vulgar and obscene, the papers run rumors daily about people in show business, tales of wicked ways and witless affairs.
Carroll O'Connor	Even a true artist does not always produce art.
Carroll O'Connor	It was a lack of system that made the '30s Depression as inevitable as all others previously suffered.
Carroll O'Connor	One irreducible residual of 38 years in the business is the number of lasting, loving friendships I have made.
Carroll O'Connor	Those offers come in now and again. They're not knocking down my door. I'm only an old character actor, and I'm not needed.
Carroll O'Connor	The reviewer is a singularly detested enemy because he is, unlike the hapless artist, invulnerable.
Carroll O'Connor	The wages of pedantry is pain.
Carroll O'Connor	Both my brothers became physicians and I, of course, wandered into a business where the undisciplined are welcome.
Carroll O'Connor	I have heard show business characterized as a refuge for childlike persons in flight from all things harsh and real.
Carroll O'Connor	My professional life in Hollywood has been filled with joy and laughter.
Carroll O'Connor	I do talk less now because the sound of my voice saying over and over the things I said years ago embarrasses and depresses me. Why do I say the same things over and over?
Carroll O'Connor	I'm lucky. Lord, I'm lucky.
Carroll O'Connor	Not all celebrities are dunces.
Carroll O'Connor	All in the Family was intellectual; it was art.
Carroll O'Connor	Conventional show-biz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire.
Carroll O'Connor	Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women.
Carroll O'Connor	In a capitalist society, persons who create capital, like Michael Eisner, are given the staggering rewards.
Carroll O'Connor	My Irish derivation has nothing to do with me. Why should it?
Carroll O'Connor	We don't really need reviewers, just first-night reporters who will tell us faithfully whether or not the audience liked the show.
Carson Daly	I think long-lasting, healthy relationships are more important than the idea of marriage. At the root of every successful marriage is a strong partnership.
Carson Daly	You know, I'm cursed with morals. I was raised a certain way. I wish I wasn't. I wish I was raised by wolves.
Carson Daly	A good butcher is important to have. It's like a shrink.
Carson Daly	Men often think it's the bad boys who get the hot chicks. But I'm living proof that the good guys win.
Carson Daly	When I was a freshman in high school, I got a letterman jacket, which you'd think would be great stock. The jacket had the big S on it, for Santa Monica. But rather than having a football or a baseball on the S, I had a little nine iron. Girls thought it was a flute.
Carson Daly	When reality television really hit, I just had a backlash towards reality. It seemed like a cheap way to make a product. And then when music reality and 'Idol hit,' I just didn't watch it, it seemed novelty. And of course the story of 'Idol,' this is one of the greatest stories in television history.
Carson Daly	NBC's priorities are Jimmy Fallon and Jay Leno, and then there's me.
Carson Daly	I don't have a sidekick - no Ed McMahon. So when I go out there, I'm lonely. It's scary.
Carson Daly	The No. 1 question I get from everybody is, 'How did you make it?' I'm like, Don't worry about making it. There is no making it. Just be happy.
Carson Daly	My girlfriend Siri is a food blogger, and we both love to entertain and eat. This is what happens when you're in your thirties: what was once a passion and real appetite for nightlife in New York City manifests itself into other things, like entertaining at home.
Carson Daly	The one thing I learned the most about acting is it takes a tremendous amount of courage to go there and stand still. It takes courage and guts to step out of your mind frame and depict something.
Carson Daly	It's hard to be a breakout show and stay on top. We're like the flagship show over here.
Carson Daly	MTV was such a great training for me. I did live interviews with everyone from Michael Jackson to Madonna.
Carson Daly	Carson is an old family name, though my grandma used to watch Johnny all the time and was crazy about him.
Carson Daly	I love 'Last Call.' It took me a little bit to figure out that I wasn't going to be that guy in a suit telling monologue jokes.
Carson Daly	I really like it that they promote from within.
Carson Daly	I'm developing a record company. I'm learning how to supervise music on a film.
Carson Daly	No one's on at my time but infomercials.
Carson Daly	The plate tectonics of media have shifted where NBC had to become a new media company from an old media company.
Carson Daly	You have to change the set, stay ahead of the curve.
Carson Daly	I do California casual a little bit better than really small European cut, tight apparel But I can rock some Gucci when I need to. I say this as I'm wearing Adidas sweatpants and a ten-year-old Chrome Hearts T-shirt.
Carson Daly	A friend of mine - a cameraman at MTV - lost a lot of weight from cycling, and I thought I'd try it, too, thinking whenever you look at a cyclist they all look super-skinny, so hey, why not? But then it turned into such a psychologically satisfying thing.
Carson Daly	I hope 'The Voice' has a fifteen-year run, don't get me wrong. But I come from nothing, and maybe it's the Irish in me, but my attitude is always like, 'They'll figure me out soon.'
Carson Daly	I stumbled into this format for 'Last Call with Carson Daly' that I really like, inspired by cable and Dave Attell's 'Insomniac.' I love being out on the street.
Carson Daly	I'm from California, but my father, who passed away when I was young, was from Newark. When I was kid, we would go back east and catch Yankees games. His side of the family are big Yankees fans. But, the real connection came in '97 when I moved to New York and became friends with the team.
Cary Grant	My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
Cary Grant	I pretended to be somebody I wanted to be until finally I became that person. Or he became me.
Cary Grant	Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Cary Grant	Everyone wants to be Cary Grant. Even I want to be Cary Grant.
Cary Grant	We have our factory, which is called a stage. We make a product, we color it, we title it and we ship it out in cans.
Cary Grant	Ah, beware of snobbery; it is the unwelcome recognition of one's own past failings.
Cary Grant	Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
Cary Grant	My father used to say, 'Let them see you and not the suit. That should be secondary.'
Cary Grant	To succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you're impotent. She can't wait to disprove it.
Cary Grant	I think that making love is the best form of exercise.
Cary Grant	When people tell you how young you look, they are telling you how old you are.
Cary Grant	Do your job and demand your compensation - but in that order.
Cary Grant	I improve on misquotation.
Casey Abrams	There's got to be a backbone, there's got to be a skeleton to the whole way I perform, but you never want to hit the same note twice during a performance, I think. I think it's always got to be fresh so it doesn't bore me, and I always want to go out on edge.
Casey Abrams	In my spare time I like watching TV, laying on the couch, just chillin'.
Casey Abrams	What I really like doing is taking risks, musically.
Casey Abrams	I love listening to Radio Head's 'Everything in its Right Place' because it's all major chords, it makes you feel really good. It's soothing, it's got a beautiful voice, crazy textures. When I'm down I listen to that song and it really makes me feel good.
Casey Abrams	I consider myself a bassist first.
Casey Abrams	If my life was a song it would be 'Who Let The Dogs Out'.
Casey Abrams	You know I want to sing for people, I want to jazz people up I want to make new music that they've never heard.
Casey Abrams	My favorite type of music to sing to would be rock and roll, Tenacious D, Led Zeppelin, some Queen - I love all of them. I love singing to them because they're all just great voices. I love listening to very obscure jazz.
Casey Abrams	I love making music, I love composing on my computer, just making crazy ethnic slack orchestral tracks, that's one of my fun things.
Casey Abrams	If I shave, I don't have a chin anymore.
Casey Abrams	I had no idea I could make it this far. And the fact that they told me I made it this far and that America is going to vote for me, I freaked out.
Casey Abrams	I have musical ADD, so I like to switch things up.
Casey Abrams	I like kissing people because it's funny.
Casey Abrams	I'm a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and I'll just drive him around and start singin'.
Casey Abrams	If you're a good singer, you're going to make anything sound good.
Casey Abrams	I feel like there's no subject that can't be sung about. I wrote a song dedicated to people with inflammatory bowel disease, and then I wrote about shoes. And mangoes. Every rock should be turned.
Casey Abrams	I hope America sees I am a goofy guy andI'm kind a crazy, I hope they see that I am a musician aswell, that I have music all around my body - I'm just exfoliating music, and I just hope America sees that.
Casey Abrams	Whenever I'm feeling kind of down or something like that, or even good, the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen is a go-to song of mine. It's like watching a movie, but with your ears.
Casey Affleck	For people who have... had curve balls thrown at them, it is easier to digest change and digest change in other people. Change only scares the small-minded. The small-minded and me.
Casey Affleck	In a movie we try to deceive. In theaters, as they say, the deceived are the wisest.
Casey Affleck	In my movies, there has been little to do in the way of animal rights. I have never worked in a movie with animals. No horse-riding, no trained dogs, lions, bears. A few actors, but what could I do? We had to have them.
Casey Affleck	The way people appear in the gossip papers, as they're depicted as celebrities, it's not often much like who they are. The more people I meet, the more that's true. Sometimes, they're worse.
Casey Affleck	They wanted me to do Scream 2, and I hate talking about movies I turned down, because it sounds judgmental. There's nothing wrong with horror movies. I enjoy watching them. The main reason I turn a part down is if I think I won't be good.
Casey Affleck	All cultures are different. Some commit genocide. Some are uniquely peaceful. Some frequent bathhouses in groups. Some don't show each other the soles of their shoes or like pictures taken of them. Some have enormous hunting festivals or annual stretches when nobody speaks. Some don't use electricity.
Casey Affleck	I have a very bad relationship with mice.
Casey Affleck	My family would be supportive if I said I wanted to be a Martian, wear only banana skins, make love to ashtrays, and eat tree bark.
Casey Affleck	I am in the process of starting a nonprofit organization that gives rescued animals a home in a simulated wild environment and, for those who have been tested on, who are disabled, aggressive, etc., their own space to live out their days.
Casey Affleck	Celebrity never really served me that well; it serves other people well.
Casey Affleck	I don't really care that much about being a matinee idol.
Casey Affleck	I have friends who remember seeing fish hauled onto a boat's deck and beaten to death.
Casey Affleck	I'm tired of playing the brat.
Casey Affleck	When I like someone a lot, I get scared that I'll let them down. My fear of sucking is worst when I feel like someone thinks I'm good.
Casey Affleck	You sleep with people all the time that you hate.
Casey Affleck	I do think people do pick movies that reveal something about them that they aren't always aware of. If you ask them what kind of an actor they think they are, they'll probably tell you something different than what they've actually done.
Casey Affleck	The four movies I can remember seeing as a kid were 'The Elephant Man,' 'The Magnificent Seven,' 'The Good, The Bad and The Ugly' and 'Mad Max!' Two of those are westerns. So the western genre is emblazoned on my memory from childhood, and those are two great movies.
Casey Affleck	My mom has a good way of engaging me in a conversation about the choices I make, listening, being objective and open-minded, and respecting those choices so long as they don't put me in danger.
Casey Affleck	I get offered a lot of the same type of thing... The teenage slasher movies.
Casey Affleck	The first dog I had was owned by an abusive couple. He was very skittish. He wouldn't let me hold him. It was explained to me that it was because of how he was treated.
Casey Affleck	After I left LA... it was like waking up. And so I moved back east and stopped auditioning.
Casey Affleck	I like studio movies; I love big commercial movies.
Casey Affleck	I tricked myself into doing this movie.
Casey Affleck	If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?
Casey Affleck	It seems like they never say anything bad about actors, they just pump them up.
Casey Eastham	My hockey comes first compared to everything else.
Casey Eastham	I always wanted to be known as the girl who was good at hockey rather than the girl you see in magazines.
Casey Eastham	Hockey should have some appeal. It's a good game in that is full of action, very quick, and it can be high-scoring.
Casey Eastham	I know netball is the number one female sport in Australia, but hockey also offers a lot.
Casey Eastham	I still feel like the same girl who grew up in Albion Park. I'm such a family girl. I haven't changed.
Casey Eastham	My grandfather's death was really hard to deal with.
Casey Eastham	Unfortunately, there are not many people in the world who get to experience the Olympic Games.
Casey James	I am a big car enthusiast. I totally understand guys like Jay Leno who have a thousand cars. But asking me my favorite car would be like asking my favorite song or favorite food - it changes everyday.
Casey James	I can't control how high my song goes on the charts, you know what I mean. I mean, I can sway it a little bit by working as hard as I can, hopefully being a decent person and giving good interviews and working hard on the road and being nice to people and shaking hands and doing everything you can do.
Casey James	What music I listen to day to day changes very, very much. I can go from bluegrass to heavy metal, to blues, to classical and big band and then go to pop and rap.
Casey James	I love to play games. Anything that is competitive. I love to play darts, shoot pool, any video game or board game, anything like that I am all about. For me is more about spending time with somebody, hanging out and enjoying yourself.
Casey James	At the same time that I love meeting people and stuff, I'm a very private person.
Casey James	My music is an extension of who I am and what I went through and what I know musically.
Casey James	I love country music, always have and always will.
Casey James	If it's got the feeling, if the music moves you or not, it doesn't matter what the genre is to me.
Casey James	My family's a very musical family, so music's always been a part of my life.
Casey James	Because my musical background is so diverse, it lends me to have very much my own style and it helps me to relate to the music as I'm going to play it. I just write. And if it comes out country, it's a country song. The funny thing is, I write all across the board. I just write what hits me at the time.
Casey James	I'm a very goal-oriented person in certain ways, and then in certain ways I understand that there's nothing at all that I can do about certain things. In other words, I would never set a goal that I don't have control over achieving.
Casey James	My family has had a lot of trouble with cancer in particular. There are a lot of great causes out there but for me to pick one I would say anything that is cancer related.
Cass Canfield	Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell.
Cass Canfield	A publisher should always be on the receiving end. He should take an interest in almost any subject and remain anonymous, letting the author take center stage.
Catherine Bach	A perfect dinner for me is being with people I really want to be with. It starts and stops with my company and my family.
Catherine Bach	I was at a party in London when I met Bond producer Barbara Broccoli. She introduced herself, and I didn't believe her name. So I just replied: 'Yeah, and I'm Cathy Carrot.' I think maybe I got off on the wrong foot!
Cecelia Ahern	I never grew up thinking the goal in life was to be a millionaire. All the way through college, I had a part-time job. I worked hard to get the things that you need at that age.
Cecelia Ahern	Whenever I go to Germany I find that my readers have T-shirts with my book covers printed on them. They come to all the events, they have gifts and they come with their families. They are always very open to sharing their personal stories.
Cecelia Ahern	After having my baby I felt like I'd been introduced to my life, I slowed down, I paid more attention to simple things, I addressed a few issues in my own life, I even got married, I looked at what was important and what wasn't, and so I used that experience for inspiration.
Cecelia Ahern	I write human stories. I write about people. Not as a product of their environment. But from the stance that everybody is made of the same thing.
Cecelia Ahern	I write my novels longhand. I love the feeling of writing; I love to see pen on paper. It feels more creative than typing, and it's a more visual process for me - I can picture the entire scene in my head and am merely writing what I see.
Cecelia Ahern	I want a character to wake up one day and feel like, 'I can face it'. That, to me, is happy. I want the characters to rescue themselves, though you use the relationships you have, to make you strong enough to be able to do that.
Cecelia Ahern	Oh, I talk about things; I drive my husband insane. And I can't tell a lie. Everyone knows. I do this smile thing.
Cecelia Ahern	Decide where and when you want to write. I like space, and silence is an inspiration to me.
Cecelia Ahern	I always want my books to reach a positive point in the end.
Cecelia Ahern	I just feel very often like a child in an absolutely weird world. I think that life is quite weird sometimes.
Cecelia Ahern	I would love to write a mystery - a romantic, funny mystery.
Cecelia Ahern	I'm most happy when I am writing at night, because I need space and time to write.
Cecelia Ahern	Although when I start a novel I know how it will begin and end, I like to let the people within the story take me on a journey between those points without having a fixed plan.
Cecelia Ahern	Don't force yourself to write. Some people can write a novel in a few months, whereas for others it can take over a year. I'm lucky to be one of the former - but, even so, if I'm not in the mood to write, I won't. I'll go off, do something else and come back to it when I'm ready.
Cecelia Ahern	Discover your own style. Don't try to repeat what has already been written - have the courage to do your own thing and don't be afraid to do something different.
Cecelia Ahern	I always like to entertain, first of all, and if the readers take anything away from it that helps them with their own lives, well then, that is a bonus.
Cecelia Ahern	I always take a story that's kind of out there, like an urban myth. I take some possibility that people imagine, that they are familiar with, and try to turn it into a story.
Cecelia Ahern	I write about emotions - falling in and out of love, finding what you want to do, no matter where you are or who you are. I think that's why people feel connected.
Cecelia Ahern	It's not about finding Mr Right, or that sort of conventional ending, but I do want my characters to have hope - and that's what I do with all my stories.
Cecelia Ahern	We have a tendency to put ourselves last, we concentrate on everything else; work, friends, family, home issues, but we ignore the deeper stuff until it becomes so compressed that it can explode.
Celia Imrie	I was never a pretty girl, so I wasn't the one to get the boy. I used to cast myself as a good sport. Sometimes I wonder if I do that too much with roles I play, because if I'm absolutely truthful, I quite like being the best friend, or the supporting role, and actually I ought to gear-change and make myself the leading role.
Celia Imrie	A 'naughty pickle' is how I'd best describe myself. I think fun and laughter is the whole point of life.
Celia Imrie	Anorexia taught me to love life and to realise that starving yourself to death is a bloody waste of time. It's awful, and it hurts so many people around you. It's a terribly selfish thing to do.
Celia Imrie	Pat Phoenix kept that amazing sassy look. I always wonder, was that because she was thrilled with that look, and thought it looked marvellous, or was it because she was too scared to change it? It's a double thing. Security and insecurity.
Celia Imrie	Anorexia is an awful thing, but you get yourself into it, and only you can get yourself out of it.
Celia Imrie	I would do nearly anything for a laugh, to tell the truth. And I'm a particular favourite with young men with earrings.
Celia Imrie	If I look back, my mother was always out. I can remember the perfume and her scarlet chiffon dress and crystal beads, going to a party. She used to play her violin at restaurants later on in life and at old people's homes. She loved the races, which she used to take me to as a child: our carpets were bought with her winnings. Loved her chickens.
Celia Imrie	I know if I had the chance of going aboard the Titanic in those days, I would have gone - I know I would have. I adore going on the Queen Mary - I think it's the only way to travel from New York.
Celia Imrie	I watch people from the top of buses who don't know they're being watched. It's quite fascinating.
Celia Imrie	I love not knowing what's going to happen next. With work, you never know. You rehearse and strive and get it right sometimes, and still you never know. Some people are like that with their marriages. They work and strive and labour and toil at them. God, what a bore! What an unromantic bore!
Celia Imrie	My first job was in pantomime; I was a chorus girl in 'Dick Whittington' at 16. I got the part by ringing the director daily to see if anyone had dropped out, and it paid off eventually, when I was cast as a rat!
Celia Imrie	If I ever married, I know I would dread the daily sound of the key in the door and the casual expectancy of 'Hello! I'm home!'
Celia Imrie	Anyone who goes on the stage is a show-off, aren't they? Acting's weird.
Celia Imrie	I love Monet - I've nicknamed him King Blob. When you go up to the painting, it's a series of blobs - amazing.
Celia Imrie	I'm a bit of a fraud, really, as I didn't study acting at a drama school.
Celia Imrie	I've had to spend an awful lot of my life trying to pretend I'm not posh. Although once I open my mouth, I rather let things out the bag.
Celia Imrie	While other girls swooned over The Beatles and the Rolling Stones, I worshipped Rudolf Nureyev and Isadora Duncan.
Celia Imrie	My mother Diana was a true-blue aristocrat, descended from William the Conqueror and listed in 'Burke's Peerage.' My father David, from a poor Scottish family, was a doctor.
Celia Imrie	I have a horror of boring someone or, worse still, of someone boring me. I said to my mother when I was seven, 'But, Mums, if it was only my husband and me in the house together, what would we talk about?' I've never wanted to answer my own question, and doubt I'll bother now.
Celia Imrie	I landed the role of Bravo 5, the only female fighter pilot in 'Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace.' I did my bit and fired my guns, but I haven't a notion of which side I was on or who I was firing the guns at.
Celia Imrie	I left school the day I turned 16, the earliest day I legally could. Determined to follow a life on stage, preferably with some dance connection, I applied for and won a place at the local drama school. I was on my way.
Celia Imrie	I've made great friends through acting. When I'm with Victoria Wood and Julie Walters, we have grand fun. We can make each other howl with laughter because we know each other so well.
Celia Imrie	Living as an actor is rather like living life on the trapezes in a circus. Every time you jump on, you have to pray that, when the time comes for you to jump off, there is another trapeze swinging your way.
Celia Imrie	Mummy always wanted the five children, and she knew she couldn't look after them all because she was this absolutely glorious woman who loved going to parties and going to the races, and she just didn't have time.
Celia Imrie	Some people love Sundays; I don't, particularly. I used to rather dread them when I was younger. I was brought up on Sunday roasts, which I've always loathed. If I didn't finish my meat, I had to sit with it for most of the afternoon. No wonder I'm a vegetarian now.
Celina Jade	My father was, like, the token bad white guy in all the old Jackie Chan/Bruce Lee films.
Celina Jade	I think there's a part of us that fantasizes about having some sort of super power. If I could have one, it would definitely be teleportation!
Celina Jade	It's always been a dream for me to play a comic book character.
Celina Jade	I confess I didn't read the 'Green Arrow' comics before coming to play Shado. The comic books are not as easily accessible in Hong Kong as they are in the States. I do enjoy superhero fiction, though.
Celina Jade	When I first got the audition for Shado, I went online and subscribed to DC Comics and read a bunch on Shado and the Yakuza, just to get to know her character better.
Cesare Pavese	We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Cesare Pavese	If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness and fears.
Cesare Pavese	The richness of life lies in memories we have forgotten.
Cesare Pavese	No one ever lacks a good reason for suicide.
Cesare Pavese	Living is like working out a long addition sum, and if you make a mistake in the first two totals you will never find the right answer. It means involving oneself in a complicated chain of circumstances.
Cesare Pavese	No woman marries for money; they are all clever enough, before marrying a millionaire, to fall in love with him first.
Cesare Pavese	Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic.
Cesare Pavese	The closing years of life are like the end of a masquerade party, when the masks are dropped.
Cesare Pavese	One does not kill oneself for love of a woman, but because love - any love - reveals us in our nakedness, our misery, our vulnerability, our nothingness.
Cesare Pavese	The only joy in the world is to begin.
Cesare Pavese	He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
Cesare Pavese	It is not that the child lives in a world of imagination, but that the child within us survives and starts into life only at rare moments of recollection, which makes us believe, and it is not true, that, as children, we were imaginative?
Cesare Pavese	One stops being a child when one realizes that telling one's trouble does not make it any better.
Cesare Pavese	The art of living is the art of knowing how to believe lies.
Cesare Pavese	If it were possible to have a life absolutely free from every feeling of sin, what a terrifying vacuum it would be.
Cesare Pavese	Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.
Cesare Pavese	Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.
Cesare Pavese	Hate is always a clash between our spirit and someone else's body.
Cesare Pavese	Love is the cheapest of religions.
Cesare Pavese	Lessons are not given, they are taken.
Cesare Pavese	All sins have their origin in a sense of inferiority otherwise called ambition.
Cesare Pavese	One must look for one thing only, to find many.
Cesare Pavese	A man is never completely alone in this world. At the worst, he has the company of a boy, a youth, and by and by a grown man - the one he used to be.
Cesare Pavese	Artists are the monks of the bourgeois state.
Cesare Pavese	Will power is only the tensile strength of one's own disposition. One cannot increase it by a single ounce.
Cesc Fabregas	If one day I leave Arsenal, I will never sign for another English team. Quite sure.
Cesc Fabregas	I think you have to be grateful to those who have helped you.
Cesc Fabregas	I want to play for Arsenal. When you see football all around the world, you see very few teams who play the way that we play. I just enjoy it. I feel it is my home now.
Cesc Fabregas	I've had a couple of years where injuries have not let me develop in the way I wanted. When I was 21, after the European Championship, I had more injuries. Everything has been less continuous and it has cost me more progress. Continuity is what got me where I am.
Cesc Fabregas	You have to fight for your dream, but you also have to feel fortunate for what you have.
Cesc Fabregas	My mum has always said I am too hard on myself. But I have always been like that and it has always helped me. After matches I focus only on what I did wrong. Never what I did well.
Chaka Fattah	I will work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to preserve the Social Security promise that provides secure retirement benefits for all, especially those who are most at risk such as widows, orphans, and people with disabilities when the need arises.
Chaka Fattah	Democracy derailed is democracy denied.
Chaka Fattah	The threat of terrorism is not stronger than the will of the American people.
Chaka Fattah	This program that the Republican majority has taken us toward as a country is leading us to fiscal bankruptcy.
Chaka Fattah	When Bill Clinton was in town, he sent over a balanced budget.
Chaka Fattah	The President's proposed privatization plan would jeopardize that security by cutting guaranteed benefits for future retirees and endangering the benefits of current retirees, people with disabilities, and children who have lost a parent.
Chaka Fattah	The education cuts in the President's budget are both irresponsible and morally unjustifiable.
Chaka Fattah	I don't know what this definition of affirmative action is for some.
Chaka Fattah	We have major fiscal problems on our hand.
Chaka Fattah	African American children can't be educationally disadvantaged for 12 years and then experience a miracle cure when it comes time for admission into college.
Chaka Fattah	Because when we think about the real facts: 44 million Americans without health insurance, millions without jobs, a 50-year high on mortgage foreclosures, an historic high the third year in a row on personal bankruptcies.
Chaka Fattah	Bush has never sent over a balanced budget.
Chaka Fattah	But the point you need to know is that no president at war cut taxes $1.5 trillion, like Bush did.
Chaka Fattah	Now, so, if you want to blame someone for wasteful spending, the Republicans are in the majority.
Chaka Fattah	The Americans are optimistic by their nature. And they are hopeful.
Chaka Fattah	The Republican Party is in charge. They've been charge of the Congress and spending for 10 years.
Chaka Fattah	While Social Security faces some long-term challenges, the system is not in crisis.
Chaka Fattah	Without Social Security, poverty rates for African American seniors would more than double.
Chaka Fattah	But if they want to really think about the fiscal future of this country, then think about how we have moved from hundreds of billions of surpluses to hundreds of billions of deficits.
Chaka Fattah	Currently, more than 4.7 million African Americans receive Social Security benefits, and nearly 8 million people with disabilities depend on Social Security for their daily sustenance.
Chaka Fattah	Now we are raising the debt limit 3 times, up to $8 trillion, so that our children and our grandchildren will have to pay for the cost of our expenditures.
Chaka Fattah	There are no problems that exist in the District that have been solved elsewhere in the country. Whatever problems exist in this city exist other places.
Chaka Fattah	There's not an appropriations bill in the last 10 years that the-that Democrats passed in the Congress. We haven't spent any money of your taxes in the last decade.
Chanakya	Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
Chanakya	A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
Chanakya	A man is born alone and dies alone; and he experiences the good and bad consequences of his karma alone; and he goes alone to hell or the Supreme abode.
Chanakya	A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Chanakya	He who is overly attached to his family members experiences fear and sorrow, for the root of all grief is attachment. Thus one should discard attachment to be happy.
Chanakya	A person should not be too honest. Straight trees are cut first and honest people are screwed first.
Chanakya	The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Chanakya	Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.
Chanakya	The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all directions.
Chanakya	The serpent, the king, the tiger, the stinging wasp, the small child, the dog owned by other people, and the fool: these seven ought not to be awakened from sleep.
Chanakya	There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Chanakya	Once you start a working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.
Chanakya	Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
Chanakya	God is not present in idols. Your feelings are your god. The soul is your temple.
Chanakya	The biggest guru-mantra is: never share your secrets with anybody. It will destroy you.
Chanakya	Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.
Chanakya	There is no austerity equal to a balanced mind, and there is no happiness equal to contentment; there is no disease like covetousness, and no virtue like mercy.
Chanakya	The one excellent thing that can be learned from a lion is that whatever a man intends doing should be done by him with a whole-hearted and strenuous effort.
Chanakya	Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years. For the next five years, scold them. By the time they turn sixteen, treat them like a friend. Your grown up children are your best friends.
Chanakya	There is poison in the fang of the serpent, in the mouth of the fly and in the sting of a scorpion; but the wicked man is saturated with it.
Chanakya	Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.
Chanakya	The earth is supported by the power of truth; it is the power of truth that makes the sun shine and the winds blow; indeed all things rest upon truth.
Chanakya	As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.
Chanakya	The happiness and peace attained by those satisfied by the nectar of spiritual tranquillity is not attained by greedy persons restlessly moving here and there.
Chanakya	One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.
Chandler Canterbury	Of course there is school and sports, but I also like X-Box 360. 'Black Ops 3' is one of my favorites. I also like to play the guitar and piano.
Chandler Canterbury	Always stay grounded and enjoy everything that comes your way, whether it's the chance to go for a opportunity or getting one.
Chandler Canterbury	Some of the best advice I've gotten was from William Hurt and Harry Connick Jr. I've really learned a lot from both of them.
Chanel Iman	Accept yourself, love yourself.
Chanel Iman	Five years from now I see myself still working hard to get where I want to be, because I think big.
Chanel Iman	A good night's sleep is always the best way to wake up and go to work.
Chanel Iman	Don't be afraid to express yourself through fashion!
Chanel Iman	It takes time to be who you really want to be. It doesn't happen overnight.
Chanel Iman	I am comfortable with my body and embrace who I am. I love to work it.
Chanel Iman	I don't get facials. The last time I got a facial was when I first started modeling when I was 15 or 16. It made my face completely break out.
Chanel Iman	I'm my own person, and I want people to know me for who I am.
Chanel Iman	I don't want to be known as the black model. I want to be recognized as Chanel Iman, a personality.
Chanel Iman	I drink a lot of protein shakes and do a lot of weight lifting.
Chanel Iman	I'm thinking of slowing down on modeling and branching out to other things. I want to pursue some new and old dreams and start making them happen.
Chanel Iman	I have had the privilege of working with the best in the business, from photographers to designers to magazines. There's not much more to ask for but I'm still looking forward to one day working with photographers Mert and Marcus, Tim Walker and Nick Knight.
Chanel Iman	At the end of the day, I feel like I have no one to blame but myself if I'm not satisfied with how I look on the runway.
Chanel Iman	Music is everything to me. I wake up and go to bed with it. I listen to all genres, depending on my mood.
Chanel Iman	No babies for me until I'm in my 30s! I'm focused on my career right now. I can't even take care of my dog.
Chanel Iman	Honestly, I try to forget Fashion Week once it's over. I just want to go home and rest and just forget I even did it. It could drive you crazy! It's just show after show after show, and you're missing your family and they feel really far away. You don't go to sleep. You work for a month.
Chanel Iman	I want to do television, film, music and designing. I want to do it all!
Chanel Iman	Mostly I'm proud to be an African-American woman, but I'm glad I have a universal look as well.
Chanel Iman	My taste in music originates from my culture and heritage, and from traveling the world and listening to all kinds of fun sounds and bits.
Chanel Iman	I don't like to fly. What's it called when the plane shakes? Turbulence, takeoffs... I grab my chair, close my eyes, count to 30, breathe, and pray.
Chanel Iman	I always take my time when picking out outfits at home, but I will say I can change pretty quick when I'm in a hurry.
Chanel Iman	I'm grateful to look the way I do. However, if I could change anything, I would like to be a bit bigger all over. Not much - just a bit.
Chanel Iman	I'm just really tiny. People hate me, because I just sit. I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating and then I just... sit. And I don't gain a thing.
Chanel Iman	I'm really into natural and organic products.
Chanel Iman	Let me say this: I think men are a full-time job, and I'm young and I already have one job. I'm just focused on my career.
Charles Babbage	On two occasions I have been asked, 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
Charles Babbage	Errors using inadequate data are much less than those using no data at all.
Charles Babbage	The economy of human time is the next advantage of machinery in manufactures.
Charles Babbage	A tool is usually more simple than a machine; it is generally used with the hand, whilst a machine is frequently moved by animal or steam power.
Charles Babbage	In mathematics we have long since drawn the rein, and given over a hopeless race.
Charles Babbage	Perhaps it would be better for science, that all criticism should be avowed.
Charles Babbage	A powerful attraction exists, therefore, to the promotion of a study and of duties of all others engrossing the time most completely, and which is less benefited than most others by any acquaintance with science.
Charles Babbage	It will be readily admitted, that a degree conferred by an university, ought to be a pledge to the public that he who holds it possesses a certain quantity of knowledge.
Charles Babbage	The half minute which we daily devote to the winding-up of our watches is an exertion of labour almost insensible; yet, by the aid of a few wheels, its effect is spread over the whole twenty-four hours.
Charles Babbage	At each increase of knowledge, as well as on the contrivance of every new tool, human labour becomes abridged.
Charles Babbage	Whenever the work is itself light, it becomes necessary, in order to economize time, to increase the velocity.
Charles Babbage	I am inclined to attach some importance to the new system of manufacturing; and venture to throw it out with the hope of its receiving a full discussion among those who are most interestedin the subject.
Charles Babbage	It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that some portion of the neglect of science in England, may be attributed to the system of education we pursue.
Charles Babbage	The public character of every public servant is legitimate subject of discussion, and his fitness or unfitness for office may be fairly canvassed by any person.
Charles Babbage	Those from whose pocket the salary is drawn, and by whose appointment the officer was made, have always a right to discuss the merits of their officers, and their modes of exercising the duties they are paid to perform.
Charles Babbage	Surely, if knowledge is valuable, it can never be good policy in a country far wealthier than Tuscany, to allow a genius like Mr. Dalton's, to be employed in the drudgery of elementary instruction.
Charles Babbage	To those who have chosen the profession of medicine, a knowledge of chemistry, and of some branches of natural history, and, indeed, of several other departments of science, affords useful assistance.
Charles Babbage	The possessors of wealth can scarcely be indifferent to processes which, nearly or remotely have been the fertile source of their possessions.
Charles Babbage	Some kinds of nails, such as those used for defending the soles of coarse shoes, called hobnails, require a particular form of the head, which is made by the stroke of a die.
Charles Babbage	That science has long been neglected and declining in England, is not an opinion originating with me, but is shared by many, and has been expressed by higher authority than mine.
Charles Babbage	That the state of knowledge in any country will exert a directive influence on the general system of instruction adopted in it, is a principle too obvious to require investigation.
Charles Babbage	The difference between a tool and a machine is not capable of very precise distinction; nor is it necessary, in a popular explanation of those terms, to limit very strictly their acceptation.
Charles Babbage	Another mode of accumulating power arises from lifting a weight and then allowing it to fall.
Charles Babbage	Telegraphs are machines for conveying information over extensive lines with great rapidity.
Charles Babbage	The fatigue produced on the muscles of the human frame does not altogether depend on the actual force employed in each effort, but partly on the frequency with which it is exerted.
Charles Bukowski	Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.
Charles Bukowski	Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live.
Charles Bukowski	The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
Charles Bukowski	The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation.
Charles Bukowski	The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
Charles Bukowski	There will always be something to ruin our lives, it all depends on what or which finds us first. We are always ripe and ready to be taken.
Charles Bukowski	There are women who can make you feel more with their bodies and their souls, but these are the exact women who will turn the knife into you right in front of the crowd. Of course, I expect this, but the knife still cuts.
Charles Bukowski	If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
Charles Bukowski	I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
Charles Bukowski	It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Charles Bukowski	Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
Charles Bukowski	Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style.
Charles Bukowski	If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
Charles Bukowski	You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
Charles Bukowski	An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.
Charles Bukowski	I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there.
Charles Bukowski	Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
Charles Bukowski	Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
Charles Bukowski	Never get out of bed before noon.
Charles Bukowski	Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
Charles Bukowski	The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist.
Charles Bukowski	We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar.
Charles Bukowski	To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
Charles Dance	We had five goats, two dogs, a cat and racks of commentaries on Shakespeare.
Charles Dance	It's a question of keeping one's eyes and ears open and watching how other people play the game. They're watching me too, to see what my attitude is like.
Charles Dance	A handful of older, romantic leading men, like Sean Connery, Jack Nicholson, and Robert Redford are still landing parts.
Charles Dance	Most films are written and made with a hero around 35, or even 25.
Charles Dance	When you get to a certain age, the work begins to thin out.
Charles Dance	You have to be selfish to be an actor.
Charles Dance	Politics is the most corrupt profession on Earth, no matter where you are.
Charles Dance	A car to pick me up every day, a chair with my name on it, everybody being very polite... what can you do except sit back and watch it all, try to take it all in?
Charles Dance	I was a window dresser for Burton's once. What really put me off was the area manager coming round and saying, Charles, I think you're a natch at this.
Charles Dance	If I talk about Charles Dance I am talking about something else, something I operate and wind up and have to make an impression with and use to transmit someone else's screenplay.
Charles Dance	Audiences seem to have a limitless appetite for vampires and for fantasy in general. Unlike many other British actors, I haven't been building up my pension appearing in films like 'The Lord of the Rings' and 'Harry Potter,' but fantasy has now got a grip on me. I am also appearing in 'Game of Thrones' as the head of the House of Lannister.
Charles Dance	If you get a bad script, then you start expending energy trying to make a silk purse of a sow's ear. When the script's as good as those on 'Game of Thrones,' say, I don't think there was a single occasion where any of us thought there was a bad scene.
Charles Dance	I phoned this number and said, Please, sir, I want to be an actor.
Charles Dance	I'm playing one of the principal roles, which gives you more clout and more confidence.
Charles Dance	You have to attempt to be objective about yourself.
Charles Dance	Actors can't retire. If actors retired, there would be nobody left to play old, wrinkly people. You have to keep going, darling - don't you?
Charles Dance	I like approbation. Any actor who tells you they don't is lying.
Charles Dance	I like to keep up with London theatre, but it is a question of time.
Charles Dance	I love the Restoration. It's a bit like coming out of the John Major era into the optimism of Tony Blair.
Charles Dance	I think it's counterproductive for actors to come to the set with well-thumbed copies of the book their film is adapted from.
Charles Dance	I would have liked to have worked with Ralph Richardson and Paul Scofield, but they're dead now.
Charles Dance	I'm riddled with cynicism. Whenever anyone says 'trust me,' the hairs go up on the back of my neck.
Charles Dance	I've got a range as an actor! There was a time I played dramatic leading men.
Charles Dance	If I was to put a little flag in everywhere I've been in the world, there'd be a lot of little flags.
Charles Dance	Most feature films are 35-40 shooting days.
Charles Darwin	A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin	Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Charles Darwin	A man's friendships are one of the best measures of his worth.
Charles Darwin	An American monkey, after getting drunk on brandy, would never touch it again, and thus is much wiser than most men.
Charles Darwin	The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic.
Charles Darwin	Animals, whom we have made our slaves, we do not like to consider our equal.
Charles Darwin	The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
Charles Darwin	I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars.
Charles Darwin	At some future period, not very distant as measured by centuries, the civilized races of man will almost certainly exterminate, and replace the savage races throughout the world.
Charles Darwin	If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.
Charles Darwin	A moral being is one who is capable of reflecting on his past actions and their motives - of approving of some and disapproving of others.
Charles Darwin	The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason.
Charles Darwin	I have called this principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by the term of Natural Selection.
Charles Darwin	I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
Charles Darwin	We can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universes, to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act.
Charles Darwin	A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, - a mere heart of stone.
Charles Darwin	Man is descended from a hairy, tailed quadruped, probably arboreal in its habits.
Charles Darwin	On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation.
Charles Darwin	I am turned into a sort of machine for observing facts and grinding out conclusions.
Charles Darwin	To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact.
Charles Darwin	I have tried lately to read Shakespeare, and found it so intolerably dull that it nauseated me.
Charles Darwin	It is a cursed evil to any man to become as absorbed in any subject as I am in mine.
Charles Darwin	How paramount the future is to the present when one is surrounded by children.
Charles Darwin	False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long; but false views, if supported by some evidence, do little harm, for every one takes a salutary pleasure in proving their falseness.
Charles Darwin	What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!
Charles Davenport	This is very clever. They have created a system to cheat.
Charles Davenport	Custom, that unwritten law, By which the people keep even kings in awe.
Charles Dickens	There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
Charles Dickens	There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast.
Charles Dickens	Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
Charles Dickens	The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother.
Charles Dickens	The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again.
Charles Dickens	No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else.
Charles Dickens	Happy, happy Christmas, that can win us back to the delusions of our childhood days, recall to the old man the pleasures of his youth, and transport the traveler back to his own fireside and quiet home!
Charles Dickens	It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.
Charles Dickens	I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one subject at a time.
Charles Dickens	The whole difference between construction and creation is exactly this: that a thing constructed can only be loved after it is constructed; but a thing created is loved before it exists.
Charles Dickens	Whatever I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do it well; whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself completely; in great aims and in small I have always thoroughly been in earnest.
Charles Dickens	'Tis love that makes the world go round, my baby.
Charles Dickens	Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.
Charles Dickens	Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own; and from morning to night, as from the cradle to the grave, it is but a succession of changes so gentle and easy that we can scarcely mark their progress.
Charles Dickens	We forge the chains we wear in life.
Charles Dickens	I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
Charles Dickens	An idea, like a ghost, must be spoken to a little before it will explain itself.
Charles Dickens	Reflect upon your present blessings of which every man has many - not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Charles Dickens	A day wasted on others is not wasted on one's self.
Charles Dickens	Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
Charles Dickens	It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Charles Dickens	A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Charles Dickens	To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
Charles Dickens	Fan the sinking flame of hilarity with the wing of friendship; and pass the rosy wine.
Charles Dickens	Vices are sometimes only virtues carried to excess!
Charles Eames	The details are not the details. They make the design.
Charles Eames	Eventually everything connects - people, ideas, objects. The quality of the connections is the key to quality per se.
Charles Eames	Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.
Charles Eames	Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.
Charles Eames	The details are details. They make the product. The connections, the connections, the connections. It will in the end be these details that give the product its life.
Charles Eames	The real questions are: Does it solve a problem? Is it serviceable? How is it going to look in ten years?
Charles Eames	Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.
Charles Eames	Art resides in the quality of doing, process is not magic.
Charles Eames	It is not easy to do something good, but it is extremely difficult to do something bad.
Charles Eames	Who ever said that pleasure wasn't functional?
Charles Eames	To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need.
Charles Eames	Ideas are cheap. Always be passionate about ideas and communicating those ideas and discoveries to others in the things you make.
Charles Eames	In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.
Charles Eames	It is almost impossible to reconcile self expression with the creative act.
Charles Eames	It makes me feel guilty that anybody should have such a good time doing what they are supposed to do.
Charles Eames	We work because it's a chain reaction, each subject leads to the next.
Charles Eastman	Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Charles Eastman	The clan is nothing more than a larger family, with its patriarchal chief as the natural head, and the union of several clans by intermarriage and voluntary connection constitutes the tribe.
Charles Eastman	The hospitality of the wigwam is only limited by the institution of war.
Charles Eastman	The elements and majestic forces in nature, Lightning, Wind, Water, Fire, and Frost, were regarded with awe as spiritual powers, but always secondary and intermediate in character.
Charles Eastman	Love between a man and a woman is founded on the mating instinct and is not free from desire and self-seeking. But to have a friend and to be true under any and all trials is the mark of a man!
Charles Eastman	More than this, even in those white men who professed religion we found much inconsistency of conduct. They spoke much of spiritual things, while seeking only the material.
Charles Eastman	There were no temples or shrines among us save those of nature.
Charles Eastman	He sees no need for setting apart one day in seven as a holy day, since to him all days are God's.
Charles Eastman	There was no religious ceremony connected with marriage among us, while on the other hand the relation between man and woman was regarded as in itself mysterious and holy.
Charles Eastman	The religion of the Indian is the last thing about him that the man of another race will ever understand.
Charles Eastman	Among us all men were created sons of God and stood erect, as conscious of their divinity.
Charles Eastman	Nearness to nature... keeps the spirit sensitive to impressions not commonly felt and in touch with the unseen powers.
Charles Eastman	The American Indian was an individualist in religion as in war. He had neither a national army nor an organized church.
Charles Eastman	The native American has been generally despised by his white conquerors for his poverty and simplicity.
Charles Eastman	But to have a friend, and to be true under any and all trials, is the mark of a man!
Charles Eastman	Our old age was in some respects the happiest period of life.
Charles Eastman	The red man divided mind into two parts, - the spiritual mind and the physical mind.
Charles Eastman	Our people, though capable of strong and durable feeling, were not demonstrative in their affection at any time, least of all in the presence of guests or strangers.
Charles Eastman	Every act of his life is, in a very real sense, a religious act.
Charles Eastman	In every religion there is an element of the supernatural, varying with the influence of pure reason over its devotees.
Charles Eastman	No one who is at all acquainted with the Indian in his home can deny that we are a polite people.
Charles Eastman	The family was not only the social unit, but also the unit of government.
Charles Eastman	The Indian was a religious man from his mother's womb.
Charles Eastman	Indian names were either characteristic nicknames given in a playful spirit, deed names, birth names, or such as have a religious and symbolic meaning.
Charles Eastman	It has been said that the position of woman is the test of civilization, and that of our women was secure. In them was vested our standard of morals and the purity of our blood.
Charles Edison	I want to say here and now, that I demand unshakable integrity of every State employee.
Charles Edison	Economics, politics, and personalities are often inseparable.
Charles Edison	I have no desire to go in for tyranny or to play the part of King Charles. I hate tyranny in any field of human activity.
Charles Edison	Our democracy poses problems and these problems must and shall be solved by courageous leadership.
Charles Edison	Bosses are no more inevitable in state and local governments than dictators are in national governments. They will arise and prosper, nevertheless, if true believers of democracy - citizens devoted to the democratic ideals - do not constantly oppose them.
Charles Edison	A new constitution should be more amendable. A needlessly confusing system of courts should be altered to produce an arrangement that would be simple, responsible, and less awkward.
Charles Edison	Our society cannot progress while our constitution stands still.
Charles Edison	In view of our public pledges, we public officials can never again go before the public merely promising election reform. The time for promises is past.
Charles Edison	It is necessary to take an active part in politics to observe how often the welfare of the party organization is put before the issues, even before the welfare of the commonwealth.
Charles Edison	Conscious of our many problems, I seek today to lay a foundation to our public policy. My fundamental purpose is to devote my term of office to raising the standard of public service in New Jersey.
Charles Edison	I want to make this perfectly clear: you can be sure that I will never be a yes-man except to my own conscience.
Charles Edison	I would rather be respected than elected.
Charles Edison	In physics, to be in two places at the same time would be a miracle; in politics it seems not merely normal, but natural.
Charles Edison	Any man who takes a job with the idea that it is simply a springboard for something else is a chump. His attention will be more on the other things than on the job at hand and so he will fail.
Charles Edison	I am confident that this legislature will rise above partisan bickering, especially after the public promises its members made last fall, and that it will demonstrate a high capacity for civil service.
Charles Edison	It is my happy privilege to be able to stand here and tell you that if you elect me you will have elected a governor who has made no promises of preferment to any man or group.
Charles Edison	My goal was to make New Jersey's state government a model for all other states to emulate, hopefully thereby to stem, or at least slow down, the flow of power to the federal government.
Charles Edwards	Attitudes are the forerunners of conditions.
Charles Edwards	The more facts you tell, the more you sell. An advertisement's chance for success invariably increases as the number of pertinent merchandise facts included in the advertisement increases.
Charles Edwards	'Be comfortable with who you are', reads the headline on the Hush Puppies poster. Are they mad? If people were comfortable with who they were, they'd never buy any products except the ones they needed, and then where would the advertising industry be?
Charles Haley	I sacrificed for the Dallas Cowboys when most quit. I put in overtime to try to help young players.
Charles Haley	You have to give guys tools to win with, and if they have success with them then they believe in you. If you don't have anything in your bag to work with, then they won't believe.
Charles Haley	I just took the good and the bad from all of the coaches I've been around.
Charles Haley	I meet people from different walks of life that I can have relationships with.
Charles Haley	I usually kept everybody at arm's distance.
Charles Inglis	TO fear God, is one of the first and greatest Duties of his rational Creatures.
Charles Inglis	A State infinitely worse than that which the most inflamed Zealot, the most violent Republican or Enthusiast even pretended to dread before the Rebellion commenced.
Charles Inglis	All the dark, malevolent Passions of the Soul are roused and exerted; its mild and amiable affections are suppressed; and with them, virtuous Principles are laid prostrate.
Charles Inglis	It is the Band which unites the Interests of Individuals; it secures to them their respective Rights, and preserves them from Injuries; it is the Source of numberless Blessings, which are interrupted, or wholly vanish, the Moment it is disturbed.
Charles Inglis	A Failure in this Duty did once involve our Nation in all the Horrors of Rebellion and Civil War.
Charles Inglis	If notwithstanding, a Rebellion of the same Kind now afflicts this Country, we should not infer that this Institution is useless, or should be laid aside; but just the Reverse.
Charles Inglis	IT may be proper to observe further, that this Duty is not confined to those who live under any one particular Form of Government: It extends to the Subjects of all regular States, lawfully established.
Charles Inglis	LET us honour the King by cherishing respectful Sentiments concerning him; speaking of him with Affection, with Esteem and Reverence; and by promoting a like Spirit and Conduct in others.
Charles Inglis	That some Forms of Government are preferable to others, cannot be doubted; yet neither our Saviour, nor his Apostles have decided where that Preference is due.
Charles Inglis	THIS Duty implies that we should affectionately interest ourselves in whatever concerns the Honour, the Fame and Security of our Sovereign and his Government.
Charles Inglis	To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained.
Charles Ives	In 'thinking up' music I usually have some kind of a brass band with wings on it in back of my mind.
Charles Ives	Every great inspiration is but an experiment - though every experiment we know, is not a great inspiration.
Charles Ives	The fabric of existence weaves itself whole.
Charles Ives	A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.
Charles Ives	But maybe music was not intended to satisfy the curious definiteness of man. Maybe it is better to hope that music may always be transcendental language in the most extravagant sense.
Charles Ives	If a composer has a nice wife and some nice children, how can he let the children starve on his dissonances?
Charles Ives	If a poet knows more about a horse than he does about heaven, he might better stick to the horse, and some day the horse may carry him into heaven.
Charles Ives	Vagueness is at times an indication of nearness to a perfect truth.
Charles Ives	You cannot set art off in a corner and hope for it to have vitality, reality, and substance.
Charles Ives	One thing I am certain of is that, if I have done anything good in music, it was, first, because of my father, and second, because of my wife.
Charles Ives	It is conceivable that what is unified form to the author or composer may of necessity be formless to his audience.
Charles Ives	Expression, to a great extent, is a matter of terms, and terms are anyone's. The meaning of 'God' may have a billion interpretations if there be that many souls in the world.
Charles Ives	There can be nothing exclusive about substantial art. It comes directly out of the heart of the experience of life and thinking about life and living life.
Charles James	Bonfire of the Vanities: The lesson of that book is, never start believing your own press.
Charles James	The standard formulation on remedy is that it ought to cure past violations and prevent their recurrence. That's what antitrust is all about.
Charles James	I recognize that virtually every company that comes in here has a perspective. It's often not difficult to understand why they have the perspective that they have.
Charles Kendall Adams	No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
Charles Kendall Adams	In all parts of the Old World, as well as of the New, it was evident that Columbus had kindled a fire in every mariner's heart. That fire was the harbinger of a new era, for it was not to be extinguished.
Charles Kendall Adams	No one ever attains success by simply doing what is required of him.
Charles Kuralt	The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Charles Kuralt	Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students.
Charles Kuralt	There are a lot of people who are doing wonderful things, quietly, with no motive of greed, or hostility toward other people, or delusions of superiority.
Charles Kuralt	When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.
Charles Kuralt	The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines.
Charles Kuralt	I recognize that I had a good deal of good luck in my life. I came along at a time when it was pretty easy to get a job in journalism. I went to work at CBS News when I was about 22, and within a year or so was reporting on the air.
Charles Kuralt	Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.
Charles Kuralt	I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.
Charles Kuralt	I believe that writing is derivative. I think good writing comes from good reading.
Charles Kuralt	You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.
Charles Kuralt	I used to think that driving, sleepless, ambitious labor was what you needed to succeed.
Charles Kuralt	Since my retirement, I've spent a lot of time trying to help the School of Social Work at the University of North Carolina. A society like this just can't afford an uneducated underclass of citizens.
Charles Kuralt	Look for joy in your life; it's not always easy to find.
Charles Kuralt	It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country besides politicians, entertainers, and criminals.
Charles Kuralt	I don't think I had a reputation as a hard worker, but inside I was always being eaten up by the pressures.
Charles Kuralt	It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.
Charles Kuralt	There is such a thing as a national conscience, and it can be touched.
Charles Kuralt	The first books I was interested in were all about baseball. But I can't think of one single book that changed my life in any way.
Charles Kuralt	I could tell you which writer's rhythms I am imitating. It's not exactly plagiarism, it's falling in love with good language and trying to imitate it.
Charles Kuralt	It was so much fun to have the freedom to wander America, with no assignments. For 25 or 30 years I never had an assignment. These were all stories I wanted to do myself.
Charles Kuralt	I think I'd have done better if I had been a little more relaxed-if I had not pressed quite so hard, if I'd not lost quite so much sleep.
Charles Kuralt	Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.
Charles Kuralt	My parents encouraged me in everything I ever wanted to do.
Charles Kuralt	I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be a reporter. I don't know where I got the idea that it was a romantic calling.
Charles Kuralt	I can't say that I've changed anybody's life, ever, and that's the real work of the world, if you want a better society.
Charles M. Schulz	All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Charles M. Schulz	Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles M. Schulz	Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.
Charles M. Schulz	I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
Charles M. Schulz	Life is like an ice-cream cone, you have to lick it one day at a time.
Charles M. Schulz	Sometimes I lie awake at night, and ask, 'Where have I gone wrong?' Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.'
Charles M. Schulz	Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Charles M. Schulz	A whole stack of memories never equal one little hope.
Charles M. Schulz	Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement.
Charles M. Schulz	Jogging is very beneficial. It's good for your legs and your feet. It's also very good for the ground. If makes it feel needed.
Charles M. Schulz	If I were given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.
Charles M. Schulz	It doesn't matter what you believe just so long as you're sincere.
Charles M. Schulz	Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
Charles M. Schulz	I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it.
Charles M. Schulz	My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy. I can't figure it out. What am I doing right?
Charles M. Schulz	I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
Charles M. Schulz	Sometimes I lie awake at night and ask why me? Then a voice answers nothing personal, your name just happened to come up.
Charles M. Schulz	That's the secret to life... replace one worry with another.
Charles M. Schulz	No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.
Charles M. Schulz	Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life.
Charles M. Schulz	No problem is too big to run away from.
Charles M. Schulz	Try not to have a good time... this is supposed to be educational.
Charles M. Schulz	The way I see it, it doesn't matter what you believe just so you're sincere.
Charles M. Schulz	Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Charles M. Schulz	You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
Charles R. Jackson	I have become so used to having people say, 'We loved your movie' instead of 'We read your book' that now I merely say, 'Thanks.'
Charles R. Jackson	I am beginning to loathe & detest all that Hollywood represents.
Charles R. Jackson	The writer knows his own worth, and to be overvalued can confuse and destroy him as an artist.
Charles R. Swindoll	I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
Charles R. Swindoll	We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude.
Charles R. Swindoll	Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
Charles R. Swindoll	Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Charles R. Swindoll	The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day.
Charles R. Swindoll	Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill.
Charles R. Swindoll	Prejudice is a learned trait. You're not born prejudiced; you're taught it.
Charles R. Swindoll	A family is a place where principles are hammered and honed on the anvil of everyday living.
Charles R. Swindoll	When you have a sense of calling, whether it's to be a musician, soloist, artist, in one of the technical fields, or a plumber, there is something deep and enriching when you realize it isn't just a casual choice, it's a divine calling. It's not limited to vocational Christian service by any means.
Charles R. Swindoll	Because God gave you your makeup and superintended every moment of your past, including all the hardship, pain, and struggles, He wants to use your words in a unique manner. No one else can speak through your vocal cords, and, equally important, no one else has your story.
Charles R. Swindoll	The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail.
Charles R. Swindoll	You and I are, by birth, by nature, and by choice, inwardly depraved, which is to say that we are entirely corrupt. That's not to say that we have no good in us; we do. However, anything good in us has been tainted with evil. It touches everything. Without the redeeming power of Christ we cannot halt our own moral slide.
Charles R. Swindoll	We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
Charles R. Swindoll	When you have vision it affects your attitude. Your attitude is optimistic rather than pessimistic.
Charles R. Swindoll	The secret of living a life of excellence is merely a matter of thinking thoughts of excellence. Really, it's a matter of programming our minds with the kind of information that will set us free.
Charles R. Swindoll	When a church is spending more of its budget on media than shepherding, something is out of whack. We have gotten things twisted around.
Charles R. Swindoll	We can't solve modern problems by going back in time. Retreating to the safety of the familiar is an understandable response, but God has called us to a life of faith. And faith requires us to face the unknown while trusting Him completely.
Charles R. Swindoll	Alleged 'impossibilities' are opportunities for our capacities to be stretched.
Charles R. Swindoll	Words can never adequately convey the incredible impact of our attitudes toward life. The longer I live the more convinced I become that life is 10 percent what happens to us and 90 percent how we respond to it.
Charles R. Swindoll	When I think of vision, I have in mind the ability to see above and beyond the majority.
Charles R. Swindoll	I'm not against screens, or new songs, or innovation. I just don't like the gimmicks. I want to know when worship is over that that leader's sole purpose was to glorify the Lord Jesus Christ.
Charles R. Swindoll	The world has changed and it's going to keep changing, but God never changes; so we are safe when we cling to Him.
Charles R. Swindoll	The wonderful thing about God is he knows what we need to persuade us.
Charles R. Swindoll	I know of nothing more valuable, when it comes to the all-important virtue of authenticity, than simply being who you are.
Charles R. Swindoll	I'm here today to warn you: I want you to watch out for the adversary. Guard yourself from any spirit of entitlement. Restrain any and all subtle temptation to gain attention or to find ways to promote yourself.
Charles Spurgeon	It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
Charles Spurgeon	Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Charles Spurgeon	Sincerity makes the very least person to be of more value than the most talented hypocrite.
Charles Spurgeon	Anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strength.
Charles Spurgeon	A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Charles Spurgeon	A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
Charles Spurgeon	Trials teach us what we are; they dig up the soil, and let us see what we are made of.
Charles Spurgeon	We have come to a turning point in the road. If we turn to the right mayhap our children and our children's children will go that way; but if we turn to the left, generations yet unborn will curse our names for having been unfaithful to God and to His Word.
Charles Spurgeon	Beware of no man more than of yourself; we carry our worst enemies within us.
Charles Spurgeon	By perseverance the snail reached the ark.
Charles Spurgeon	The greatest enemy to human souls is the self-righteous spirit which makes men look to themselves for salvation.
Charles Spurgeon	Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
Charles Spurgeon	If I were a Roman Catholic, I should turn a heretic, in sheer desperation, because I would rather go to heaven than go to purgatory.
Charles Spurgeon	None are more unjust in their judgments of others than those who have a high opinion of themselves.
Charles Spurgeon	I would go to the deeps a hundred times to cheer a downcast spirit. It is good for me to have been afflicted, that I might know how to speak a word in season to one that is weary.
Charles Spurgeon	The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
Charles Spurgeon	You might not always get what you want, but you always get what you expect.
Charles Spurgeon	Free will carried many a soul to hell, but never a soul to heaven.
Charles Spurgeon	Of two evils, choose neither.
Charles Spurgeon	No one is so miserable as the poor person who maintains the appearance of wealth.
Charles Spurgeon	Must is a hard nut to crack, but it has a sweet kernel.
Charles Spurgeon	If any of you should ask me for an epitome of the Christian religion, I should say that it is in one word - prayer. Live and die without prayer, and you will pray long enough when you get to hell.
Charles Spurgeon	Many men owe the grandeur of their lives to their tremendous difficulties.
Charles Spurgeon	I believe that nothing happens apart from divine determination and decree. We shall never be able to escape from the doctrine of divine predestination - the doctrine that God has foreordained certain people unto eternal life.
Charles Spurgeon	Humility is to make a right estimate of one's self.
Charles Stanley	Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped.
Charles Stanley	Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.
Charles Stanley	Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.
Charles Stanley	Disappointment is inevitable. But to become discouraged, there's a choice I make. God would never discourage me. He would always point me to himself to trust him. Therefore, my discouragement is from Satan. As you go through the emotions that we have, hostility is not from God, bitterness, unforgiveness, all of these are attacks from Satan.
Charles Stanley	Too many Christians have a commitment of convenience. They'll stay faithful as long as it's safe and doesn't involve risk, rejection, or criticism. Instead of standing alone in the face of challenge or temptation, they check to see which way their friends are going.
Charles Stanley	If you tell God no because He won't explain the reason He wants you to do something, you are actually hindering His blessing. But when you say yes to Him, all of heaven opens to pour out His goodness and reward your obedience. What matters more than material blessings are the things He is teaching us in our spirit.
Charles Stanley	We can be tired, weary and emotionally distraught, but after spending time alone with God, we find that He injects into our bodies energy, power and strength.
Charles Stanley	Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally. Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do.
Charles Stanley	The bottom line in the Christian life is obedience and most people don't even like the word.
Charles Stanley	The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.
Charles Stanley	God's plan for enlarging His kingdom is so simple - one person telling another about the Savior. Yet we're busy and full of excuses. Just remember, someone's eternal destiny is at stake. The joy you'll have when you meet that person in heaven will far exceed any discomfort you felt in sharing the gospel.
Charles Stanley	When trouble comes, focus on God's ability to care for you.
Charles Stanley	In our friendships we have to be wise that we choose godly people to be our friends. Somebody might say, well does that mean that you should never have a lost person as your friend? No, I wouldn't say that. But you can't have the same intimacy with a lost person that you can with a godly person in whom the Holy Spirit is living.
Charles Stanley	On Sunday morning, I'm not nervous... I can't wait to tell what God wants me to say.
Charles Stanley	Every test, every trial, every heartache that's been significant, I can turn it over and see how God has turned it into good no matter what.
Charles Stanley	The Scriptures contain many stories of people who waited years or even decades before the Lord's promises came to pass. What modern believers can learn from the patience of biblical saints like Abraham, Joseph, David, and Paul is that waiting upon the Lord has eternal rewards.
Charles Stanley	When we learn from experience, the scars of sin can lead us to restoration and a renewed intimacy with God.
Charles Stanley	Basically, there are two paths you can walk: faith or fear. It's impossible to simultaneously trust God and not trust God.
Charles Stanley	God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
Charles Stanley	If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit.
Charles Stanley	To have God speak to the heart is a majestic experience, an experience that people may miss if they monopolize the conversation and never pause to hear God's responses.
Charles Stanley	In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.
Charles Stanley	God's arrows of affliction are sharp and painful so He can get our attention. He won't let His beloved children get away with sin because He knows it robs us of blessings, opportunities, and even character refinement.
Charles Stanley	There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.
Charles Stanley	One of Satan's most deceptive and powerful ways of defeating us is to get us to believe a lie. And the biggest lie is that there are no consequences to our own doing. Satan will give you whatever you ask for if it will lead you where he ultimately wants you.
Charles Stuart Calverley	I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvellous. It must be very inexpensive.
Charles Stuart Calverley	I cannot sing the old songs now! It is not that I deem them low, 'Tis that I can't remember how They go.
Charles Stuart Calverley	Meaning, however, is no great matter.
Charles Stuart Calverley	Read not Milton, for he is dry; nor Shakespeare, for he wrote of common life.
Charles William Eliot	Be unselfish. That is the first and final commandment for those who would be useful and happy in their usefulness. If you think of yourself only, you cannot develop because you are choking the source of development, which is spiritual expansion through thought for others.
Charles William Eliot	Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers.
Charles William Eliot	All business proceeds on beliefs, or judgements of probabilities, and not on certainties.
Charles William Eliot	Do not expect the world to look bright, if you habitually wear gray-brown glasses.
Charles William Eliot	You know that it is only through work that you can achieve anything, either in college or in the world.
Charles William Eliot	The efficient man is the man who thinks for himself.
Charlie Adam	Life is settled and I'm enjoying it.
Charlie Chaplin	A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Charlie Chaplin	A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
Charlie Chaplin	To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
Charlie Chaplin	Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot.
Charlie Chaplin	We think too much and feel too little.
Charlie Chaplin	Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
Charlie Chaplin	Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Charlie Chaplin	A man's true character comes out when he's drunk.
Charlie Chaplin	I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
Charlie Chaplin	Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone.
Charlie Chaplin	I had no idea of the character. But the moment I was dressed, the clothes and the make-up made me feel the person he was. I began to know him, and by the time I walked onto the stage he was fully born.
Charlie Chaplin	What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.
Charlie Chaplin	Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
Charlie Chaplin	Words are cheap. The biggest thing you can say is 'elephant'.
Charlie Chaplin	That is why, no matter how desperate the predicament is, I am always very much in earnest about clutching my cane, straightening my derby hat and fixing my tie, even though I have just landed on my head.
Charlie Chaplin	In the end, everything is a gag.
Charlie Chaplin	Despair is a narcotic. It lulls the mind into indifference.
Charlie Chaplin	The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
Charlie Chaplin	I thought I would dress in baggy pants, big shoes, a cane and a derby hat. everything a contradiction: the pants baggy, the coat tight, the hat small and the shoes large.
Charlie Chaplin	I remain just one thing, and one thing only, and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
Charlie Chaplin	All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
Charlie Chaplin	Man as an individual is a genius. But men in the mass form the headless monster, a great, brutish idiot that goes where prodded.
Charlie Chaplin	This is a ruthless world and one must be ruthless to cope with it.
Charlie Chaplin	I am at peace with God. My conflict is with Man.
Charlie Chaplin	I suppose that's one of the ironies of life doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
Charlie Daniels	I just thank God I can make a living doing something I enjoy as much as I do playing music.
Charlie Daniels	We can get rid of red tape.
Charlie Daniels	Country music has changed tremendously, so what now is considered country was not considered country at that time. We were doing stuff that probably could have been called country music today, but would certainly have not have fit in at that time.
Charlie Daniels	My next project will be a Christian album, another one. I wrote the songs for the ones you're referring to, but I want to do some of my old gospel favorites. That's what my next album's going to be.
Charlie Daniels	The funny thing is, the music that I'm writing now is probably some of the most cutting edge we've ever done. The music that I'm thinking about putting on our next album.
Charlie Daniels	I had been on the road for a long time and was not really getting anywhere. Bob Johnston, a friend of mine, had taken over Columbia in Nashville. He asked me if I wanted to come down. I did - thank God I did.
Charlie Daniels	I should be the one to say what I do. It's just not done that way anymore in Nashville, and I can't do it the other way. That's how our record label came about.
Charlie Daniels	We didn't have a garage to rehearse in. We had to aggravate the folks in the house. But I got a chance to play in a beer joint, and that's how it started.
Charlie Daniels	Well, I just can't play the game anymore. I'm 63 years old, and I've been in the business for 40 years now. I take good advice and direction really well, but I don't need somebody that finished college two years ago to come in and tell me what I should be recording.
Charlie Daniels	A friend of mine, that I had known for some time, came up one day with an old guitar. I don't know where he got it, I don't know how long he'd had it, but he knew about two chords on it. He proceeded to teach them to me, and then we proceeded to go crazy over music.
Charlie Daniels	Any accolades that anybody puts toward this band really makes me feel good, because I have devoted such a big part of my life to this band, making it what I want it to be.
Charlie Haas	Even when I'm tired, when I come home and think about catching up on my sleep, I'd rather stay up and hold my daughters.
Charlie Haas	You should be able to have good matches against anybody.
Charlie Haas	They called to tell me that I was going to be returning to RAW. I left immediately to run home and tell Jackie. She said, I have some news for you-I'm expecting.
Charlie Haas	Edge will be missed. It was an honor to share the ring with him, and compete against him.
Charlie Haden	The bass, no matter what kind of music you're playing, it just enhances the sound and makes everything sound more beautiful and full. When the bass stops, the bottom kind of drops out of everything.
Charlie Haden	We're here to bring beauty to the world and make a difference in this planet. That's what art forms are about.
Charlie Haden	I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music.
Charlie Haden	I want them to come away with discovering the music inside them. And not thinking about themselves as jazz musicians, but thinking about themselves as good human beings, striving to be a great person and maybe they'll become a great musician.
Charlie Haden	As long as there are musicians who have a passion for spontaneity, for creating something that's never been before, the art form of jazz will flourish.
Charlie Haden	I have music inside me and I'm very lucky to be able to play music and that's the way that I try to do it.
Charlie Haden	I just see myself as a human being that's concerned about life.
Charlie Haden	I always told the people at Cal Arts that if they wanted me to do Jazz studies, first of all, there couldn't be a big band within 500 miles and that I could do what I wanted to do. And they said I could.
Charlie Haden	I've got a collection of songs that I've had, I keep adding to and they're all great American composers. I wanted to showcase American composers and I've done that on a lot of my records and played things by American composers that I really respect.
Charlie Haden	There's like a special group of people that come from different parts of the planet to study with me. It's nice. I just gave a workshop in Boston at the New England Conservatory, which was really nice.
Charlie Haden	Some tracks are with quartet and some tracks are with synthesizer.
Charlie Haden	I just sit down at the piano and rattle it off.
Charlie Haden	It used to be that creative music was most of the music that you heard back in the '30s and '40s, and now it's like 3 percent. So, its kind of a struggle getttin' it out there.
Charlie Haden	James Cotton is a real blues guy, and he played with Muddy Waters, and it surprised me that they would want me to make a record with them, that he called me to do this record. I'd never done anything like that before. But I love blues, so I was very happy.
Charlie Haden	When we first started playing we did a lot of rehearsing. We used to write out everything. In fact, that's the way everybody rehearses: we play the tunes and improvise.
Charlie Sheen	I don't have time for their judgement and their stupidity and you know they lay down with their ugly wives in front of their ugly children and look at their loser lives and then they look at me and they say, 'I can't process it' well, no, you never will stop trying, just sit back and enjoy the show. You know?
Charlie Sheen	I have a different constitution. I have a different brain; I have a different heart; I got tiger blood, man.
Charlie Sheen	Boom, crush. Night, losers. Winning, duh.
Charlie Sheen	You have the right to kill me, but you don't have the right to judge me. That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody, so just shut your traps and put down your McDonalds, your vaccines, your Us Weekly, your TMZ and the rest of it.
Charlie Sheen	I'm 0 for 3 with marriage - the scoreboard doesn't lie, never has. So what we all have is a marriage of the heart. To sully or contaminate or radically disrespect this union with a shameful contract is something that I will leave to the amateurs and the Bible grippers.
Charlie Sheen	Uncertainty is a sign of humility, and humility is just the ability or the willingness to learn.
Charlie Sheen	I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.
Charlie Sheen	You either love or you hate. You live in the middle, you get nothing.
Charlie Sheen	As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?
Charlie Sheen	I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
Charlie Sheen	The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.
Charlie Sheen	I still don't have all the answers. I'm more interested in what I can do next than what I did last.
Charlie Sheen	I don't have a tuxedo that fits anymore because my chest and my biceps are too big.
Charlie Sheen	I'm different. I have a different constitution, I have a different brain, I have a different heart. I got tiger blood, man. Dying's for fools, dying's for amateurs.
Charlie Sheen	I just don't want to live like I used to. And at some point, I'm going to put a gag order on myself in terms of talking about the past. I've got to slam the door and deal with the present and the future.
Charlie Sheen	For now, I'm just going to hang out with these two smoking hotties and fly privately around the world. It might be lonely up here, but I sure like the view.
Charlie Sheen	I have one speed, I have one gear: go!
Charlie Sheen	I'm tired of ignoring that I march to a different beat.
Charlie Sheen	I have to tell them that last night was a shameful train wreck filled with blind cuddly puppies.
Charlie Sheen	I've got mad energy for days. That's what people can't get their minds around. They say, 'Oh, he's going to crash.' They try to apply all these common terms to a guy who is not common. I don't fit into their little box.
Charlie Sheen	People say you have to work on your resentments. Yeah, no, I'm gonna hang onto them and they're gonna fuel my attack.
Charlie Sheen	Slash sat me down at his house and said, You've got to clean up your act. You know you've gone too far when Slash is saying, Look, you've got to get into rehab.
Charlie Sheen	I'm dealing with fools and trolls and soft targets. It's just strafing runs in my underwear before my first cup of coffee. I don't have time for these clowns.
Charlie Sheen	What is a normal childhood? We weren't rich, we were pretty middle-class. My dad survived from job to job; with him taking care of so many relatives, he couldn't save any money.
Charlie Sheen	We're going to shoot one Polaroid per show. I'm going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, it's worth a fortune. I'll make this a work of magic warlock art.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	Letting go of things and not being afraid of being ridiculous or over the top - I think that's the main thing for me to work on.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	Wanting to do it was much more powerful than the fright.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	Girls can wear jeans, cut their hair short, wear shirts and boots, 'cause it's okay to be a boy, but for a boy to look like a girl is degrading.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	It's more than a job. It's very personal, so when you're hurt, you're really hurt inside.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	You think that being a girl is degrading, but secretly, you'd love to know what it's like, wouldn't you?
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I still find it hard to push my own limits. I know where my limits are and that I always have to push myself.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	When you love someone, you don't want them to suffer at all.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I hated seeing myself on screen. I was full of complexes. I hated my face for a very, very long time.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I found it very difficult to explain to someone why you did a film. It's not like having a conversation.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	The English was really my mother, it was never me. Being the daughter of my father, I always felt very French.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	The more sincere I could be, the better it would be for the film.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	The more you turn down things, the more difficult it becomes to feel that the next one will be right.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	There were always questions about my parents; I got so fed up with that.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	You don't even need the director's judgement. It's too much.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	Everyone gets the feeling that they know you and they know your life, and I felt really embarrassed by that.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I hope I'll consider my next part, having learnt from this one.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I'm a very shy person towards my intimacy and private life.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	At the beginning it wasn't to do with the work, it was more the experience.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I couldn't do anything else, I enjoy it so much. But I find it tough.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I used to hate being recognised.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I was putting all those pressures on myself.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I wasn't getting the responses I hoped for. You can't protect yourself from other judgments.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I went on television and I wouldn't say a word; I feel so stupid when I watch them again.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	I'm desperate to work again. I've often had those periods, but two years was the longest.
Charlotte Gainsbourg	In France, you're with the crew, and you have lunch with them. It's more like a family.
Che Guevara	The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall.
Che Guevara	Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.
Che Guevara	Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Che Guevara	Many will call me an adventurer - and that I am, only one of a different sort: one of those who risks his skin to prove his platitudes.
Che Guevara	I know you are here to kill me. Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man.
Che Guevara	Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel.
Cheryl James	The part you don't expect when you start out is all the people who come into your life wanting a piece of you, not caring about your wellbeing. The insane schedule is very difficult. Touring looks very glamourous but it's hard and gruelling - the travelling, the meet-and-greets - it was too crazy.
Cheryl James	The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
Cheryl James	For me, the bulimia was about stuffing my emotions. So I stopped suppressing my feelings.
Cheryl James	Our attitude is that we want to cross over. You can't go on making records just for your own hometown.
Cheryl James	Christians often want to hide behind the walls of the church, where we are comfortable, but sometimes we have to come out of the box.
Cheryl James	Rap is hardcore street music but there are women out there who can hang with the best male rappers. What holds us back is that girls tend to rap in these high, squeaky voices. It's irritating. You've gotta rap from the diaphragm.
Cheryl James	Change is not an event, it's a process.
Cheryl James	They keep telling me that my flow's up to date, you know. I guess they thought I was gonna come back sounding... old.
Cheryl James	But one thing that's constant is we've always appreciated fans. They put us on the map and they keep us on the map. I always put myself in their position. If I loved someone and had their posters all over my wall and met them and they were rude it would be very hurtful.
Cheryl James	I'm at a point in my life where I have something solid now. I'm a peaceful person, and I want to be surrounded by peace no matter what I'm doing.
Cheryl James	I don't want to give the illusion that one day God came down and I was healed.
Cheryl James	For the moment, I'm concentrating on my own stuff.
Cheryl James	I don't like the fact that there are so few women in rap.
Cheryl James	I got to that desperate place where nobody could help me but God.
Cheryl James	I'm not really into the fashion thing.
Cheryl James	I'm really open to doing music. We just have to figure out what kind of music it's going to be - something where I don't feel compromised.
Cheryl James	'None of Your Business.' It's the only Salt-N-Pepa song that I regret.
Cheryl James	People have this impression that I'm this crazy Christian, but I'm really balanced.
Cheryl James	There are a lot of good things that we can do. Maybe my example can help someone.
Cheryl James	There are different kinds of people in the world.
Cheryl James	We're not hard people.
Cheryl James	I didn't want to get back into the whole industry. I left overworked, overwhelmed, and not having any control over my life. I was bulimic and needed to heal.
Cheryl James	I remember feeling all right with myself until age 13. Then, I was getting off the bus one day and this guy called me Miss Piggy. That was the first time I ever really felt like I wasn't okay.
Cheryl James	I've changed my life in a lot of ways. I'm a mom, a wife, and a Christian. Some of the things I expressed in my early 20s aren't what I care to express right now.
Cheryl James	One of the speakers asked how many women had been harassed or abused sexually in their life? There were thousands of women in the audience, and almost every one of them raised her hand.
Chet Baker	The drummer; he inspired me to play like no one else I have ever met.
Cheyenne Jackson	Unfortunately, I suffer from insomnia, so my bedtime is as soon as I start to feel the least bit sleepy.
Cheyenne Jackson	I always wanted to be on a great TV show and in a Broadway show and have a CD out, and the fact that they happened simultaneously is kind of an embarrassment of riches.
Cheyenne Jackson	I'm a New Yorker; my oven is used for storage.
Cheyenne Jackson	I'm a Broadway baby, through and through. It's my first love, and it's what brought me to New York in the first place.
Cheyenne Jackson	I don't like to watch myself. I can't get into the story; I'm too critical.
Cheyenne Jackson	I love 'Glee.'
Cheyenne Jackson	People either love me or they think I'm obnoxious. I get that.
Cheyenne Jackson	Theater dressing rooms are my home away from home - my second home, really.
Cheyenne Jackson	'30 Rock' is the holy grail of comedy in my opinion.
Cheyenne Jackson	I think having a dog makes you more compassionate.
Cheyenne Jackson	I'd love for people to accept me just as me, but I know that I generate a strong response; I always have - my name, my looks, my size.
Cheyenne Jackson	The devastating repercussions of hate-filled language manifest in very real ways for today's LGBTQ youth.
Cheyenne Jackson	Believe it or not, my best meal is to go to the store and buy a DiGiorno pizza, come home, add some fresh Parmesan cheese, and just hang with my family!
Chico Hamilton	I'm quite sure that all true professional artists, of every description, in all walks of life, whether their craft is painting, music, sculpture, medicine or anything, have one primary concern - mankind.
Chico Hamilton	I don't dig staying in one groove.
Chico Hamilton	But you can't extend, or go beyond any point musically, without the basic fundamentals.
Chico Hamilton	And I'm happy to say that I'm able to find people wherever I go that are not black, not white - they're just human beings. That's where I am, where I've been and where I intend to stay.
Chico Hamilton	A lot of musicians aren't proud; they'll do other work, just to be able to play music. I guess that's the way it's always going to be - musicians will have to suffer to a certain degree in order to obtain their outlet.
Chico Hamilton	For the last five years I've been in the production business.
Chico Hamilton	I mean, there's a hell of a lot of grounds for protest, but you don't do it through music.
Chico Hamilton	Luckily, I'm in the position now of being able to play purely because I have the desire to do so.
Chico Hamilton	Mentally and physically, I find I can play with these people.
Chico Hamilton	Personally, I can't see how anyone can produce any beautiful music out of being angry.
Chico Hamilton	At this stage of my life, I've dedicated myself to playing what I want to play, how I want to play it for the rest of my time. Regardless of whether one might like it or one might not like it, this is where I am.
Chico Hamilton	I have a company in New York City producing music for commercials, for radio, TV, features, etc. That's how I've been making my living. And now the company is very successful - to the extent that I can afford to come out and play.
Chico Hamilton	I've been a little more fortunate, perhaps, than a lot of people have, for the simple reason that I've constantly been moving: so nobody can hit me - you know what I mean? Protesting is not the answer - not along those lines.
Chico Hamilton	In fact, I had to make an enormous adjustment to this, not only in listening to it but in playing with it. It's a full sound. In some instances, you must have the volume to get the effect.
Chico Hamilton	My roots and Victor's are jazz, basically, but these two young fellows that we have with us come out of rock bands. And they're tremendously exciting players.
Chico Hamilton	The type of band that I have now, the type of music that we're playing you either like it or you dislike it. If you dislike it, you probably don't know why. By the same token, you can't even really say why you like it.
Chico Hamilton	We incorporate various electronic devices - the echo plugs and things like that. Actually, all we're trying to do is make that sound musical. As opposed to just making sounds, we do musical things with them.
Chief Joseph	The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
Chief Joseph	It makes my heart sick when I remember all the good words and the broken promises.
Chief Joseph	I believe much trouble would be saved if we opened our hearts more.
Chief Joseph	The first white men of your people who came to our country were named Lewis and Clark. They brought many things that our people had never seen. They talked straight. These men were very kind.
Chief Joseph	Hear me, my chiefs! I am tired. My heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands, I will fight no more forever.
Chief Joseph	It does not require many words to speak the truth.
Chief Joseph	Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.
Chief Joseph	I am tired of talk that comes to nothing.
Chief Joseph	Treat all men alike. Give them the same law. Give them an even chance to live and grow.
Chief Joseph	For a short time we lived quietly. But this could not last. White men had found gold in the mountains around the land of winding water.
Chief Joseph	You might as well expect rivers to run backwards as any man born free to be contented penned up.
Chief Joseph	All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief. They are all brothers.
Chief Joseph	My father... had sharper eyes than the rest of our people.
Chief Joseph	I said in my heart that, rather than have war, I would give up my country.
Chief Joseph	An Indian respects a brave man, but he despises a coward.
Chief Joseph	We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone.
Chief Joseph	I pressed my father's hand and told him I would protect his grave with my life. My father smiled and passed away to the spirit land.
Chief Joseph	I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
Chief Joseph	We soon found that the white men were growing rich very fast, and were greedy.
Chief Joseph	I only ask of the government to be treated as all other men are treated.
Chief Joseph	A man who would not love his father's grave is worse than a wild animal.
Chief Joseph	When an Indian fights, he only shoots to kill.
Chief Joseph	From where the sun now stands I will fight no more.
Chief Joseph	I will speak with a straight tongue.
Chief Joseph	War can be avoided, and it ought to be avoided. I want no war.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	It is easy to romanticize poverty, to see poor people as inherently lacking agency and will. It is easy to strip them of human dignity, to reduce them to objects of pity. This has never been clearer than in the view of Africa from the American media, in which we are shown poverty and conflicts without any context.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I have my father's lopsided mouth. When I smile, my lips slope to one side. My doctor sister calls it my cerebral palsy mouth. I am very much a daddy's girl, and even though I would rather my smile wasn't crooked, there is something moving for me about having a mouth exactly like my father's.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I am drawn, as a reader, to detail-drenched stories about human lives affected as much by the internal as by the external, the kind of fiction that Jane Smiley nicely describes as 'first and foremost about how individuals fit, or don't fit, into their social worlds.'
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	Lasting love has to be built on mutual regard and respect. It is about seeing the other person. I am very interested in relationships and, when I watch couples, sometimes I can sense a blindness has set in. They have stopped seeing each other. It is not easy to see another person.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	If I were not African, I wonder whether it would be clear to me that Africa is a place where the people do not need limp gifts of fish but sturdy fishing rods and fair access to the pond. I wonder whether I would realize that while African nations have a failure of leadership, they also have dynamic people with agency and voices.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I am a person who believes in asking questions, in not conforming for the sake of conforming. I am deeply dissatisfied - about so many things, about injustice, about the way the world works - and in some ways, my dissatisfaction drives my storytelling.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	The novels I love, the ones I remember, the ones I re-read, have an empathetic human quality, or 'emotional truth'. This quality is difficult to fully define, but I always recognise it when I see it: it is different from honesty and more resilient than fact, something that exists not in the kind of fiction that explains but in the kind that shows.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	Perhaps it is time to debate culture. The common story is that in 'real' African culture, before it was tainted by the West, gender roles were rigid and women were contentedly oppressed.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	If you followed the media you'd think that everybody in Africa was starving to death, and that's not the case; so it's important to engage with the other Africa.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I live half the year in Nigeria, the other half in the U.S. But home is Nigeria - it always will be. I consider myself a Nigerian who is comfortable in the world. I look at it through Nigerian eyes.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I am a bit of a fundamentalist when it comes to black women's hair. Hair is hair - yet also about larger questions: self-acceptance, insecurity and what the world tells you is beautiful. For many black women, the idea of wearing their hair naturally is unbearable.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I own things I like, but nothing inanimate that I treasure in a deeply consuming way.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	My greatest vanity is my skin. It is the colour of gingerbread and, thanks to my mother's genes, smooth and mostly blemish-free.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	In particular I want to talk about natural black hair, and how it's not just hair. I mean, I'm interested in hair in sort of a very aesthetic way, just the beauty of hair, but also in a political way: what it says, what it means.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	While writing 'Half of a Yellow Sun,' I enjoyed playing with minor things: inventing a train station in a town that has none, placing towns closer to each other than they are, changing the chronology of conquered cities. Yet I did not play with the central events of that time.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I can write with authority only about what I know well, which means that I end up using surface details of my own life in my fiction.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I write from real life. I am an unrepentant eavesdropper and a collector of stories. I record bits of overheard dialogue.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	Successful fiction does not need to be validated by 'real life'; I cringe whenever a writer is asked how much of a novel is 'real'.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I would come, many years later, to understand why 'To Kill A Mockingbird' is considered 'an important novel', but when I first read it at 11, I was simply absorbed by the way it evoked the mysteries of childhood, of treasures discovered in trees, and games played with an exotic summer friend.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	The problem with looking in the mirror is that you never know how you will feel about what you see. Sometimes, when my hormones are out of sync, I have no interest in the mirror, and if I do look I think everything is all wrong. Other times, I am quite pleased with what I see.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	Americans think African writers will write about the exotic, about wildlife, poverty, maybe AIDS. They come to Africa and African books with certain expectations.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I look young. I heard this said so often that it became irritating. I once worked as a babysitter for a woman who, the first time we met, said she didn't want somebody in high school. I was 22. Later, I realised that in certain places being female and looking 'young' meant it was more difficult to be taken seriously, so I turned to make-up.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	I think I'm ridiculously fortunate. I consider myself a Nigerian - that's home; my sensibility is Nigerian. But I like America, and I like that I can spend time in America.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	The best novels are those that are important without being like medicine; they have something to say, are expansive and intelligent but never forget to be entertaining and to have character and emotion at their centre.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie	What I find problematic is the suggestion that when, say, Madonna adopts an African child, she is saving Africa. It's not that simple. You have to do more than go there and adopt a child or show us pictures of children with flies in their eyes. That simplifies Africa.
Chinua Achebe	One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised.
Chinua Achebe	The last four or five hundred years of European contact with Africa produced a body of literature that presented Africa in a very bad light and Africans in very lurid terms. The reason for this had to do with the need to justify the slave trade and slavery.
Chinua Achebe	The whole idea of a stereotype is to simplify. Instead of going through the problem of all this great diversity - that it's this or maybe that - you have just one large statement; it is this.
Chinua Achebe	When a tradition gathers enough strength to go on for centuries, you don't just turn it off one day.
Chinua Achebe	When old people speak it is not because of the sweetness of words in our mouths; it is because we see something which you do not see.
Chinua Achebe	What a country needs to do is be fair to all its citizens - whether people are of a different ethnicity or gender.
Chinua Achebe	I think back to the old people I knew when I was growing up, and they always seemed larger than life.
Chinua Achebe	I tell my students, it's not difficult to identify with somebody like yourself, somebody next door who looks like you. What's more difficult is to identify with someone you don't see, who's very far away, who's a different color, who eats a different kind of food. When you begin to do that then literature is really performing its wonders.
Chinua Achebe	Once you allow yourself to identify with the people in a story, then you might begin to see yourself in that story even if on the surface it's far removed from your situation. This is what I try to tell my students: this is one great thing that literature can do - it can make us identify with situations and people far away.
Chinua Achebe	The only thing we have learnt from experience is that we learn nothing from experience.
Chinua Achebe	Oh, the most important thing about myself is that my life has been full of changes. Therefore, when I observe the world, I don't expect to see it just like I was seeing the fellow who lives in the next room.
Chinua Achebe	In fact, I thought that Christianity was very a good and a very valuable thing for us. But after a while, I began to feel that the story that I was told about this religion wasn't perhaps completely whole, that something was left out.
Chinua Achebe	People say that if you find water rising up to your ankle, that's the time to do something about it, not when it's around your neck.
Chinua Achebe	People create stories create people; or rather stories create people create stories.
Chinua Achebe	A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself.
Chinua Achebe	Art is man's constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him.
Chinua Achebe	The damage done in one year can sometimes take ten or twenty years to repair.
Chinua Achebe	When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt.
Chinua Achebe	Once you allow yourself to identify with the people in a story, then you might begin to see yourself in that story even if on the surface it's far removed from your situation.
Chinua Achebe	When suffering knocks at your door and you say there is no seat for him, he tells you not to worry because he has brought his own stool.
Chinua Achebe	A functioning, robust democracy requires a healthy educated, participatory followership, and an educated, morally grounded leadership.
Chinua Achebe	Nigera is what it is because its leaders are not what they should be.
Chinua Achebe	The problem with leaderless uprisings taking over is that you don't always know what you get at the other end. If you are not careful you could replace a bad government with one much worse!
Chinua Achebe	Democracy is not something you put away for ten years, and then in the 11th year you wake up and start practicing again. We have to begin to learn to rule ourselves again.
Chinua Achebe	But I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	It's a strange thing, but you get this click in your brain; the wonderful feeling that the entirety of a character is suddenly available and accessible to you.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I wanted to be an actor ever since I got on stage for the first time, aged 13. Before that, I thought I might follow in the medical footsteps of my parents: my father was a doctor, my mother a pharmacist.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	The idea of making a film - a film that I had certainly never seen before - about the slave experience was a huge responsibility. It's a project that requires a wider understanding of the geopolitical nature of the slave trade, of historical and modern-day racism.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I like to disappear into a role. I equate the success of it with a feeling of being chemically changed. That's the only way I can express it.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I was the classic middle child in some ways, the one who could have been a priest in an alternate universe.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	This is going to sound completely absurd, but I do sometimes feel like the enjoyment of an awards ceremony or the pride in the finished article hasn't ever surpassed the joy of doing the work, of making it. The doing it is really the bit I'm there for.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	The Second World War simplified things like race, and people came down on very clear lines.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	Different people approach the universe in different ways, but they also approach their own expectations in different ways.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I was attracted to 'Half of a Yellow Sun' because of the story.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	If you're looking at people like Patrice Lumumba, you are looking at people who had a very definite plan, and events overran them.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	It's hard to tell the story if you're not involved yourself, emotionally.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	The inherited tradition is that we don't tell stories about slavery from the perspective of the slave. It's told through the president or the lawyer.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	David Mamet was great to work with. He was everything that I thought he would be as a director. He's incredibly articulate, an easy collaborator. Extraordinarily knowledgeable about film and writing.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I became an actor by doing school plays and youth theaters, and then National Youth Theatre of Great Britain. And then I did study at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Arts. For me that was a good way to enter the field, to work in the theater.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I don't tend to offer up a critique unless I have a clearly formulated alternative, because there's nothing worse than people on a set or any kind of artistic life who critique something but who don't have anything to offer.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I was already devouring literature and I was the ripe old age of 15 when I decided to be an actor. I just thought plays were the most fantastic way of expressing life. I thought I'd discovered Shakespeare - 'hey, there's a new guy in town, don't know if anyone's read him.' I was just excited about the whole thing, from day one.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	We always want to live in an environment where there's no artificial block to good work.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	It's a weird thing when you spend your life trying to find these great scripts and great parts. You are reading scripts, you are traveling the world, you are hassling your agent. You are trying to find that script.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I loved reading when I was young. I was just completely taken by stories. And I remember taking that into English literature at school and taking that into Shakespeare and finding that opened up a whole world of self-expression to me that I didn't have access to previously.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	There's a catharsis in cutting down trees. But there's absolutely none of that in picking cotton. It's maddening! It's fiddly, and it pricks your fingers, and it's something that's a very hard skill if you have no alacrity for it.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	Depending on what your interest in theater is, I always recommend working on plays. It's a great way to be introduced to the field, and also a great way to be seen by agents and representation. I'm also a great advocate for studying acting at a drama school or a college.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I enjoy doing everything, comedy and drama. I just look for the characters really and what they offer.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	When I first had my eyebrows waxed, I was pretty disturbed.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	Friends at school were always quite shocked that we holidayed in Nigeria, but it was all pretty middle-class, really.
Chiwetel Ejiofor	I am struck by how, walking down the street, I'm rarely made aware of my race, but that among journalists, race is absolutely massive.
Chris Abani	I have to have three or four books going simultaneously. If I'm not impressed in the first 20 pages, I don't bother reading the rest, especially with novels. I'm not a book-club style reader. I'm not looking for life lessons or wanting people to think I'm smart because I'm reading a certain book.
Chris Abani	That women are mysterious and unknowable is something every young man grows up believing. Men, on the other hand, never think of themselves as mysterious or confusing, and we are often at a loss as to why women want to figure us out.
Chris Abani	In this time of the Internet and nonfiction, to be on an actual bookshelf in an actual bookstore is exciting in itself.
Chris Abani	Every successful artist comes from a family - parents or siblings or both - who, although equally gifted, chose not to pursue the treacherous and difficult path of the artist.
Chris Abani	I read mostly Irish, African, Japanese, South American, and African writers. You can count on Scandinavian literature for a certain kind of darkness, a modern mythic style.
Chris Abani	If I don't get at least one e-mail every ten minutes, I feel unloved. Even junk mail makes me feel seen. Sad, I know. Sigh.
Chris Abani	Fiction and poetry are my first loves, but the really beautiful lyrical essay can do so much that other forms cannot.
Chris Abani	I had amazing intellectual privilege as a kid. My mom taught me to read when I was two or three. When I was five, I read and wrote well enough to do my nine-year older brother's homework in exchange for chocolate or cigarettes. By the time I was 10, I was reading Orwell, Tolstoy's 'War and Peace,' and the Koran. I was reading comic books, too.
Chris Abani	My search is always to find ways to chronicle, to share and to document stories about people, just everyday people. Stories that offer transformation, that lean into transcendence, but that are never sentimental, that never look away from the darkest things about us.
Chris Abani	Men do communicate, often very directly, but women sometimes cannot accept how simple what we have to say is.
Chris Abani	Like most writers, I find the Web is a wonderful distraction. Who doesn't need that last minute research before writing?
Chris Abani	It takes me forever to actually finish something like a ten-page essay. But, when I do, I usually love what they are. It's a complicated relationship.
Chris Abani	The privilege of being a writer is that you have this opportunity to slow down and to consider things.
Chris Abani	My grand uncle was a traditional priest, and he would always say to me as a kid, 'We stand in our own light,' which essentially for him meant we were entirely responsible for a lot of what happens to us and for the ways in which our lives play out.
Chris Abani	Sometimes I feel very alone. I am a bit of a nomad. Many people in sort of emerging countries, emerging economies, find themselves displaced. So there is that sense, and so I'm part of a whole, I think, group of displaced people.
Chris Abani	The Igbo used to say that they built their own gods. They would come together as a community, and they would express a wish. And their wish would then be brought to a priest, who would find a ritual object, and the appropriate sacrifices would be made, and the shrine would be built for the god.
Chris Abani	I love essays, but they're not always the best way to communicate to a larger audience.
Chris Abani	My books are often shelved around those of Chinua Achebe and Margaret Atwood, or Chimamanda Adichie and Monica Ali. All of this depends, of course, on the bookstore and how conversant the shelf stocker is with the alphabet.
Chris Abani	My father was educated in Cork, in the University of Cork, in the '50s.
Chris Abani	I truly believe that writing is a continuum - so the different genres and forms are simply stops along the same continuum. Different ideas that need to be expressed sometimes require different forms for the ideas to float better. I don't write essays as often as I should.
Chris Abani	African narratives in the West, they proliferate. I really don't care anymore. I'm more interested in the stories we tell about ourselves - how, as a writer, I find that African writers have always been the curators of our humanity on this continent.
Chris Abani	Chinua Achebe was a well-worn name in my home. My father knew him from a brief stint working with him for the Biafran Broadcasting Service. While Achebe stayed with the BBS, my father left to head up the relief effort. Post-civil war, my father was the principal of Isienu Secondary School in Nsukka and Achebe was an occasional visitor to our house.
Chris Abani	I think a book that is over 400 pages should be split in two. I don't know that there's anything that interesting that can go on for 700 pages. I think that is a little bit indulgent.
Chris Abani	I was born in 1966, at the beginning of the Biafran-Nigerian Civil War, and the war ended after three years. And I was growing up in school, and the federal government didn't want us taught about the history of the war, because they thought it probably would make us generate a new generation of rebels.
Chris Abani	My mother was English. My parents met in Oxford in the '50s, and my mother moved to Nigeria and lived there. She was five foot two, very feisty and very English.
Chris Adami	In the animal world, there are all kinds of behaviors that are binary: for example, to flee or to fight. In any evolutionary environment, knowing your opponent's decision would not be advantageous for long because your opponent would evolve the same recognition mechanism to also know you.
Chris Adami	We found evolution will punish you if you're selfish and mean. For a short time and against a specific set of opponents, some selfish organisms may come out ahead. But selfishness isn't evolutionarily sustainable.
Chris Adami	Can life be defined? Well, how would you go about it? Well, of course, you'd go to Encyclopedia Britannica and open at L. No, of course you don't do that; you put it somewhere in Google. And then you might get something.
Chris Adami	We can make life in the computer. Granted, it's limited, but we have learned what it takes in order to actually construct it.
Chris Adami	Life can be less mysterious than we make it out to be when we try to think about how it would be on other planets. And if we remove the mystery of life, then I think it is a little bit easier for us to think about how we live, and how perhaps we're not as special as we always think we are.
Chris Adami	I have a strange career. I know it because people come up to me, like colleagues, and say, 'Chris, you have a strange career.'
Chris Bailey	I am very proud of The Saints and I'm very glad that I've been associated with them all these years, but the next record is the best record... has to be the philosophy for any band that remains even halfway decent or vibrant, and that is kind of where my head's at.
Chris Bailey	For a time that you couldn't get a gig if you didn't look a certain way.
Chris Bailey	I always liked the intensity of the recording.
Chris Bailey	I have never been over fond of scenes anywhere.
Chris Bailey	I was listening to the first record the other day, and it sounds remarkably contemporary.
Chris Bailey	Lots of people I know have bootlegged tapes of performances and if they play it I will be transported back sometimes with happiness, sometimes with horror.
Chris Cannon	The American people are not anti-immigrant. We are concerned about the lack of coherence in our immigration policy and enforcement.
Chris Cannon	Many of our nation's great leaders began their careers at a service academy. I encourage anyone interested in a rewarding college experience or military career to apply as soon as possible.
Chris Cannon	If you compare the size of our reserves of Saudi Arabia and the whole Middle East, it's like three times as much as all of that combined and that's just the easily, readily available 1800 billion barrels and there are probably 3 billion barrels that are commercially just under that, available.
Chris Cannon	Our nation's immigration policy has been of top concern in recent years, and for good reason. With between eight and twelve million illegal aliens in the United States, it is obviously a problem out of control.
Chris Cannon	Our men and women in uniform deserve the best intelligence possible to help them protect America.
Chris Cannon	Americans are rightly concerned about the security and the integrity of the nation's borders because the system is broken. Some are concerned about the possibility of terrorists crossing our borders and coming into our cities.
Chris Cannon	The Internet has exceeded our collective expectations as a revolutionary spring of information, news, and ideas. It is essential that we keep that spring flowing. We must not thwart the Internet's availability by taxing access to it.
Chris Cannon	You know, if we're going to bring down the price of gas, you have to have three things. You have to have a big reserve, you have to have the ability to develop oil out of that reserve quickly, and you have to be able to produce oil at a relatively low cost.
Chris Daughtry	You marry somebody; you love everything about them. You grow to learn about them. You never learn everything.
Chris Daughtry	If people say something rude or off-color, you have to take it with a grain of salt, because they don't know you.
Chris Daughtry	You have to think there's a reason for everything. When a door closes another door opens.
Chris Daughtry	Maybe some people thought I was 'safe' so they didn't really bothered to vote for me at all.
Chris Daughtry	My son's taking drum lessons, and my daughter's taking piano lessons. One day they're going to start a band.
Chris Daughtry	For me, something will come in my head and I'll either end up calling my cell phone to record it, or I'll just pick my guitar up and see what comes out. Sometimes it sucks, sometimes it doesn't. So there's really no set method behind it.
Chris Daughtry	I'm looking to see what the bigger picture is.
Chris Daughtry	Believe half of what you see and only some of what you hear, unless you hear it from me.
Chris Daughtry	Some goals you just never really think about trying to achieve because they just seem so out of reach.
Chris Daughtry	I'm living my dream now.
Chris Daughtry	If I win, I'll take my wife and buy her a whole new wardrobe. If she's happy then I'll be happy.
Chris Daughtry	As a kid, I was heavily into martial arts and wanted to be the next Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Chris Daughtry	I do belong on stage.
Chris Daughtry	I will continue to pursue my music and live my life with my family.
Chris Daughtry	I wanted to be a martial arts film star when I was a teenager.
Chris Daughtry	I'm not ashamed of selling millions of records. I'm very fortunate to be in that position.
Chris Daughtry	What I do doesn't sit well in the world of hipsterville. I don't have a cool card, but I also don't have thin skin.
Chris Daughtry	When I got into music, I wanted to learn guitar just enough to be able to write songs. I wanted to be able to express myself.
Chris Daughtry	I think I definitely enjoy recording, but I think it's more fun to go out and perform live, because it's like instant gratification, you know? You feel the response immediately.
Chris Daughtry	For me, you have to not have a formula. You have to not even sit down and say, 'I want to write right now.' It has to just kind of come out. It's not something you can plan.
Chris Daughtry	In the '90s, guitar solos were dead.
Chris Daughtry	Ed Kowalczyk is my favorite singer.
Chris Daughtry	For me, I want my kids to find their way. If they're interested in something, I want them to try it out.
Chris Daughtry	I don't want to be that parent that puts my kids into what I think they should be in, you know what I mean?
Chris Daughtry	I don't want to say I can't wait to get back to normal life, because I don't. I don't want to get back to normal life.
Chris D'Elia	I definitely am a performer, and there are different styles of stand-up; I mean, some people are writers and they get onstage to get jokes out, and that's definitely not what I do. I like to just go up and, if I'm telling a story about someone, I'll play his or her part.
Chris D'Elia	Once I started doing stand-up, everything fell into place. That was when I started acting more; I felt like I'd found my place in the business.
Chris D'Elia	I would never say that I'm good at being on dates. I think I like to try to find a connection with somebody, like, that's my main thing. I think that maybe if you find a connection with a girl on a date, that's like the No. 1 thing, and then it's like, 'Cool, that was a great date.'
Chris D'Elia	Whitney Cummings is one of the hardest working people I know, and she's very motivated.
Chris D'Elia	Being on 'Whitney' is a job, but stand-up is my life. I could never stop. There's an art to it. I love having strangers laugh with me, so as long as I can continue doing that, I'll be happy. Working on a show and collectively sharing ideas with a cast is great, but stand-up is my first love.
Chris D'Elia	I never really feel like just standing there and telling jokes. I want to move around. In fact, it's hard for me to write a joke where I don't end up on the ground for some reason. Hey, at least that way, I know no comics will steal my jokes. Too many bruises.
Chris D'Elia	I'm a selfish person, and I'm going onstage to have a good time, and I'd love if you want to be a part of it. So if people don't get it, they're wrong. I think they're wrong, and I think they either don't want to have a good time or they just don't like my style.
Chris Farley	I remember one time when all the nuns in my Catholic grade school got around in a semicircle, me and Mom in the middle, and they said, 'Mrs. Farley, the children at school are laughing at Christopher, not with him.' I thought, 'Who cares? As long as they're laughing.'
Chris Farley	The point is, how do you know the Guarantee Fairy isn't a crazy glue sniffer.
Chris Farley	I was in the Pritikin Center in Santa Monica once, trying to lose 30 or 40 pounds in a month. I'd work... on a treadmill and with the weights, but it was driving me nuts. So I escaped. Tom Arnold picked me up and we went to Le Dome and had tons of desserts.
Chris Farley	I want to live fast and die young.
Chris Farley	In the land of the skunks he who has half a nose is king.
Chris Farley	Once I thought that if I just had enough in the bank, if I had enough fame, that it would be all right. But I'm a human being like everyone else. I'm not exempt.
Chris Farley	I have a tendency toward the pleasures of the flesh. It's a battle for me, as far as weight and things like that. But I'm curbing them because I want to continue to do comedy, and the two don't mix. So I try to fight those demons.
Chris Farley	People... need a time to laugh. It's up to us to bonk ourselves on the head and slip on a banana peel so the average guy can say, 'I may be bad, honey, but I'm not as much of an idiot as that guy on the screen.'
Chris Farley	Everybody laughs when fatty falls down.
Chris Farley	I still have to work on my weight and some of my other demons.
Chris Farley	I used to think that you could get to a level of success where the laws of the universe didn't apply. But they do. It's still life on life's terms, not on movie-star terms. I still have to work at relationships. I still have to work on my weight and some of my other demons.
Chris Farley	Basically, I only play one character; I just play him at different volumes.
Chris Farley	Everyone is treating it like a Hollywood story. In Madison, it's a neighborhood story.
Chris Hadfield	Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
Chris Hadfield	Just taking risks for risk's sake, that doesn't do it for me. I'm willing to take risks that I think are worth it, and I've worked so hard to make sure that I survive.
Chris Hadfield	Almost everything worthwhile carries with it some sort of risk, whether it's starting a new business, whether it's leaving home, whether it's getting married, or whether it's flying in space.
Chris Hadfield	The International Space Station is a phenomenal laboratory, an unparalleled test bed for new invention and discovery. Yet I often thought, while silently gazing out the window at Earth, that the actual legacy of humanity's attempts to step into space will be a better understanding of our current planet and how to take care of it.
Chris Hadfield	I'm really looking forward to it, if you can imagine floating weightless, watching the world pour by through the big bay window of the space station playing a guitar; just a tremendous place to think about where we are in history.
Chris Hadfield	If you don't like airline food, you'll probably have the same impression of space station food. I would not fly to space for the food.
Chris Hadfield	For the last several years and culminating in six months in orbit next year, I've been training for my third space flight. This one is almost in a category completely different than the previous two, specifically to live in on the space station for six months, to command a space ship and to fly a new rocket ship.
Chris Hadfield	And now for Return to Flight, I'm chief of robotics working in the astronaut office in Houston, as a Canadian.
Chris Hadfield	There are no wishy-washy astronauts. You don't get up there by being uncaring and blase. And whatever gave you the sense of tenacity and purpose to get that far in life is absolutely reaffirmed and deepened by the experience itself.
Chris Hadfield	Navigation in space is hard. On Earth there are references to go by, things to look at, roads to follow. The problem is worse in orbit since we're going so fast - a small error gets worse quickly at 8 km/sec. We navigate using reference to the Earth and the stars, have a computer onboard that tracks our speed and direction, and constantly updates.
Chris Hadfield	I've had a chance to fly a lot of different airplanes, but it was nothing like the shuttle ride.
Chris Hadfield	Our role is to develop techniques that allow us to provide emergency life-saving procedures to injured patients in an extreme, remote environment without the presence of a physician.
Chris Hadfield	I've put a lot of my life into making it possible to fly in space at all.
Chris Hadfield	It is spectacular. From about five minutes in, when we knew for sure that we were going to have the weather to go, the smile on my face just got bigger and bigger, and I was just beaming through the whole launch. I mean, it is just an amazing ride.
Chris Hadfield	The best simulator for spacewalking is underwater - it allows full visuals and body movement in 3D. Virtual reality is good, too, and has some advantages, like full Station simulation, not just part. Like all simulators, they have parts that are wrong and misleading: an important thing to remember when preparing for reality.
Chris Hadfield	'Boldface' is a pilot term, a magic word to describe the procedures that could, in a crisis, save your life. We say that 'boldface is written in blood' because often it's created in response to an accident investigation. It highlights the series of steps that should have been taken to avoid a fatal crash, but weren't.
Chris Hadfield	Ever since I was nine years old and I watched Neil and Buzz walk on the moon, I have felt passionately that this is an interesting human adventure. This is one of the things we're doing that is really fundamentally important, as we leave our home planet, but also exciting.
Chris Hadfield	Every single thing that you learn really just gives you more comfort. It's something I counsel kids all the time: if someone is willing to teach you something for free, take them up on it. Do it. Every single time. All it does is make you more likely to be able to succeed. And it's kind of a nice way to go through life.
Chris Hadfield	I don't want to be treated like I came from another planet or something or was somehow born with some weird birthright or super power. I don't view myself that way. I am a normal guy, picking up the crap from the dog and scraping the BBQ and having a beer and fixing the shed out back.
Chris Hadfield	In the astronaut business - the shuttle is a very complicated vehicle; it's the most complicated flying machine ever built. And in the astronaut business, we have a saying, which is, 'There is no problem so bad that you can't make it worse.'
Chris Hadfield	It was remarkable to see from space how predictable people are. Our homes and towns are almost all in places with moderate temperatures, and they generally have the same shape - a thinly occupied outer blob of suburb surrounding a densely populated core, all based around a ready source of water.
Chris Hadfield	My father was an airline pilot, so we travelled more spontaneously than a lot of families. On a Thursday, we could decide to go somewhere like Barbados the next day for a long weekend.
Chris Hadfield	Russians aren't perfect. Their politics are messed up, and they keep going through self-defeating economic cycles. But I have a lot of respect for Russia, and a lot of love for Russians.
Chris Hadfield	Some of the greatest reality television we ever had was the moon landings. When you think about it, that was human emotion and people, unscripted, working with each other - and millions and millions of people around the world, glued to their television sets to share real-time in a brand new, fascinating human experience.
Chris Hadfield	The world, when you look at it, it just can't be random. I mean, it's so different than the vast emptiness that is everything else, and even all the other planets we've seen, at least in our solar system, none of them even remotely resemble the precious life-giving nature of our own planet.
Chris Hemsworth	I have sporadic OCD cleaning moments around the house. But then I get lazy and I'm cured. It's a very inconsistent personality trait.
Chris Hemsworth	People who put themselves on the line and sacrifice their own safety for the greater good and for others, and anyone in any profession whose concern is the welfare for other people instead of the individual, are inspiring and important.
Chris Hemsworth	As a kid, you run around the house pretending to be a superhero, and now to be doing it as a job, I feel very lucky.
Chris Hemsworth	As kids, our experiences shape our opinions of ourselves and the world around us, and that's who we become as adults.
Chris Hemsworth	I feel like I'm ready for any dangerous situation that might come my way, provided I have a hammer on me.
Chris Hemsworth	I entered the work force cleaning breast pumps at a pharmacy! It was a part-time gig while I was at school... no interview required.
Chris Hemsworth	At home in Victoria, we have three dogs, Tosh and Lucy, they're half Blue Heelers, and then there's Torrin a little Maltese terrier. She gets more attention in the house than anyone else! Yes, I miss them a lot.
Chris Hemsworth	For whatever reason, we relate to anything godlike with an English accent. The English are very proud of that. And with anything Roman or gladiators, they have an English accent. For an audience, it is an easy trick to hook people in.
Chris Hemsworth	Being a superhero is a lot of fun.
Chris Hemsworth	I enjoy working on a movie that lets your imagination run wild, it's great to be a part of and watch.
Chris Hemsworth	The more conflict and contrast you have with a character makes it more interesting.
Chris Hemsworth	I almost feel more anxious lately about, 'Here's your opportunity, now you've got to make something of it.'
Chris Hemsworth	Growing up, my parents were my heroes, in the way they conducted their lives.
Chris Hemsworth	I'd like to think I'm a normal sort of guy, but go to my mum and she'll probably say, 'You know,Chris was always the daughter out of my three boys.'
Chris Hemsworth	Strong female leads are important.
Chris Hemsworth	Eating when you're not hungry and taking in that amount of food is exhausting.
Chris Hemsworth	For three years, I had embarrassing haircuts.
Chris Hemsworth	It wasn't until 'Thor' that I started lifting weights. It was all pretty new to me.
Chris Hemsworth	Growing up I always loved films that transport you to another world and has things you never see in every day life.
Chris Hemsworth	I like to explore things.
Chris Hemsworth	I put the costume on and said 'It's not very comfortable, but it looks amazing,' so it's all good.
Chris Hemsworth	Not often do you approach a character where people know more about him than you do.
Chris Hemsworth	Work all paled into the background as soon as I had a baby.
Chris Hemsworth	I have seen 'Thor', yeah. It's fantastic. Being that close to something, it's often pretty hard to watch yourself, but the film in so many ways is so impressive that I was swept along with it like an audience member, and that's a pretty good sign.
Chris Hemsworth	Sometimes there is more exploration in the character for a villain.
Chris Isaak	When people ask me really stupid questions or get it really wrong, I feel embarrassed for them. I don't really feel angry at them.
Chris Isaak	I talk to people who are musicians, and they go, Oh this is hell. And I go, Are you kidding me? You never put tar paper on a roof, did ya?
Chris Isaak	My advice is: if you've got to be miserable to write great music, then drive a truck.
Chris Isaak	I remember listening to the radio as a kid and finding that the songs always made me feel more peaceful. Funny, but the more hurtin' the music was, the better it made me feel. I think of that now when I write my songs. I may not be feelin' the blues myself, but I'm writing them for other people who have a hard life.
Chris Isaak	I blow up fireworks all the time, and I love making milkshakes and banana splits.
Chris Isaak	When I play it I look out and see people hold on to each other and dance or just couples leaning into each other and kiss. And I'll go: 'You know, I could have worked hard at school and been a dentist. But I'm so glad I didn't.' Because when I look out and see that I feel like the Pied Piper of love.
Chris Isaak	I'm not the kind of guy to talk about angels: I'm a very pragmatic kind of guy.
Chris Isaak	There was a misconception about me when I started off because I had my hair greased up and I have some vague resemblance to the hillbilly gene pool that Elvis came from. People would say, 'You want to be Elvis' and I would say, 'No'.
Chris Isaak	I didn't grow up in the typical happy American home, but music was always a safe and wonderful place for me to go.
Chris Isaak	In the long run, there are people who've made more money or had bigger stardom at points. But, I think I'll have come out winning.
Chris Isaak	I come from a small town and I come from a background where we didn't have money to travel. I thought I'd have to join the military to get to Europe. So I'm thrilled to travel.
Chris Isaak	I hate modern car radios. In my car, I don't even have a push-button radio. It's just got a dial and two knobs. Just AM. One knob makes it louder, and one knob changes the station. When you're driving, that's all I want.
Chris Isaak	I think I had kind of an advantage. When I was growing up, my dad had just got out of jail and he had a great record collection. He had - it was all - these were the songs. So I heard a lot of these songs, like, my whole life, so for me it was easy. I already knew what I was going to sing.
Chris Isaak	The things that got me through grade school are helping me out later in life. It's like, I show up on time. If you buy a ticket to one of my shows, I'll show up. I'll be there. And if it says 10:00, I'll be on stage at 10:00.
Chris Isaak	I still don't know if I'm good enough or if it's a calling or a vocation or something, but the talent part is out. My desire to do it is undoubted. I just love doing this.
Chris Isaak	I never set out to write a certain kind of song, I just play my guitar and see if I catch something.
Chris Isaak	Any time you talk about your own stuff you sound self-aggrandising.
Chris Isaak	I don't spend as much time on my hair as people think. I get out of the shower, whack some grease on there and I'm done.
Chris Isaak	I don't think I've had a more miserable life than a lot of people. I think I've had a pretty lucky life.
Chris Isaak	I got by as a musician since day one. I don't live beyond my means. I have real cheap tastes.
Chris Isaak	I keep things pretty simple.
Chris Isaak	I put music on and I drive around town.
Chris Isaak	I think as far as self-promotion goes, I probably have a lot to learn.
Chris Isaak	I think I've had the slowest, most methodical career in the business.
Chris Isaak	I write my own songs, and I only see their flaws.
Christa Campbell	I was a swimsuit model, and I got bored. Acting was challenging. It was very hard and intimidating. We choose to do things in life sometimes that scare the crap outta us. Performing in front of people was my challenge.
Christa Campbell	I definitely have a fear of spiders. Don't we want to embrace our fears?
Christa Campbell	I love doing the fight stuff. It's the best.
Christa Campbell	I did 'Lonely Hearts' with John Travolta and James Gandolfini. Talk about getting over your fears. These guys were amazing! Also, Cuba Gooding, Jr. is one of my favorites. We've made 3 films together. He is such a generous, giving actor.
Christa Campbell	I love doing all of my own stunts. Anything. Even if they are telling me, 'No, no, no! You can't do that!' I'll do it. Like crashing my car through the gate, climbing up the building, kicking in a window... I love doing all of that stuff.
Christian Bale	It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me.
Christian Bale	All of the muscles were gone, so that was a real tough time of rebuilding all of that. But you have a deadline, you have an obligation. You've said that you will commit to this part, and I just can't live with myself for not really giving it as much as I can.
Christian Bale	The only thing that I'm obsessed with is sleeping, and actually, it is more than an obsession, it is a pleasure.
Christian Bale	No, only disappointment in myself on those occasions I didn't manage to rise to the occasion as I felt I should've done. I can always see how to do it, and then the challenge is, Can I manage that each and every day?
Christian Bale	I tend to think you're fearless when you recognize why you should be scared of things, but do them anyway.
Christian Bale	I mean, first of all, let me say whichever superhero first came up with the idea of wearing a cape, he wasn't really onto anything good. The number of times I'm treading on that damn thing or I throw a punch and it ends up covering my whole head. It's really not practical.
Christian Bale	My hope is that people will be repulsed by the character's complete lack of ethics and obsession with consumerism - that's what I was saying about the difference between the character's message and the film's message.
Christian Bale	But I learned that there's a certain character that can be built from embarrassing yourself endlessly. If you can sit happy with embarrassment, there's not much else that can really get to ya.
Christian Bale	I do like taking stuff seriously that a lot of people look at as nonsense. I enjoy the insanity of that. And I like the commitment that is needed for that.
Christian Bale	I find something fascinating about the quiet man in the background who has no desire to be the center of attention.
Christian Bale	I'm an actor I'm not a politician. I always kick myself when I talk too much about family, or personal things.
Christian Bale	'Batman' took 10 months to film, and by the time I stopped working on it, it took a long time before my English accent came out again. I was actually having to try for it.
Christian Bale	I think trying too hard to be sexy is the worst thing in the world a woman can do.
Christian Bale	A teenager usually wants to try to get people to notice him in some way, to feel like someone gives a damn. Me, all that attention, I just wanted to fade into the background. Be invisible. Disappear.
Christian Bale	I have a fear of being boring.
Christian Bale	I have this theory that, depending on your attitude, your life doesn't have to become this ridiculous charade that it seems so many people end up living.
Christian Bale	I only sound intelligent when there's a good script writer around.
Christian Bale	It's got to do with putting yourself in other people's shoes and seeing how far you can come to truly understand them. I like the empathy that comes from acting.
Christian Bale	I never want to feel that I'm playing it safe.
Christian Bale	An actor should never be larger than the film he's in.
Christian Bale	I find what I do for a living really funny. I mean, acting is kind of a hilarious thing for a grown man to call a job.
Christian Bale	Working out is incredibly boring. I swear it's true that the bigger your muscles get, the fewer brain cells you have.
Christian Bale	I put on weight like Santa Claus. I just get this belly that kind of extends out.
Christian Bale	I start from scratch with each movie; I wipe the slate and I certainly don't rely on some bag of acting tricks I've amassed over the years.
Christian Bale	I think mostly it's the adventure that I will have in making the movie. That's what I look for.
Christian Camargo	My parents had a difficult divorce.
Christian Camargo	There's something about my Mexican-American heritage... I'm proud of it.
Christian Camargo	For reasons I don't fully understand, tragic love has a certain appeal.
Christian Camargo	No matter where we are or how advanced we think we are, there are elemental issues of our civilization that stories help us work through.
Christian Camargo	Actors are the most generous people when it comes to sharing their technique. But if you grew up in a household of carpenters, and you're making a table, everyone would have a different way of doing it.
Christian Camargo	Sometimes, there's a preconceived notion of how a scene or how a work should be delivered. And I see young performers sometimes try and deliver that, and it's not really true to their voice or who they are.
Christian Camargo	I see theater as a simple formula. Audience plus players plus story makes the play.
Christian Camargo	I've played Hamlet and Coriolanus, Orlando in 'As You like It' and Ariel in 'Tempest,' among others.
Christian Camargo	Any part I do is a marriage of the words - what the playwright or producer or show runner's vision is - to how I would play it. It took me a while to get rid of 'Oh, they want it this way, so I'm going to do it how they want it.'
Christian Camargo	If you're going to do Shakespeare, do Shakespeare. There's a reason why he's been performed for hundreds of years. His words affect people on a very deep level. He's the true humanist. That all comes through his text, his words.
Christian Camargo	Juilliard is wonderful in that they don't pick just one way of working. They give you a palette. There is method acting. There is a lot of attention to Shakespeare and verse.
Christian Camargo	My parents had a difficult divorce. My dad had to take a backseat for a few years, and my grandfather came in. He was also my inspiration for becoming an actor. I really respected him.
Christian Camargo	Shakespeare gives you these clues - these little pieces of gold dust, I call them. They tell you so much about the story, the character, the drive, the intentions. It's like a gift.
Christian Camargo	When you are cast for a role, it's because of everything that makes you who you are in that moment in time. No one else has that. That's a unique, powerful thing to hold.
Christina Aguilera	Basically, what I'm saying is there is nothing fake about what I do. I'm up-front, I'm real, I'm honest and I'm open with my feelings.
Christina Aguilera	It's been quite a roller coaster ride, but I've grown and learned a lot about myself. The greatest thing is being able to interact with fans and touch people's lives... for that I give thanks.
Christina Aguilera	Right now I'm pretty single... My career is my boyfriend.
Christina Aguilera	My parent's divorce and hard times at school, all those things combined to mold me, to make me grow up quicker. And it gave me the drive to pursue my dreams that I wouldn't necessarily have had otherwise.
Christina Aguilera	I'm an ocean, because I'm really deep. If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures.
Christina Aguilera	The roughest road often leads to the top.
Christina Aguilera	Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
Christina Aguilera	I should not have to prove my ethnicity to anyone. I know who I am.
Christina Aguilera	To be given the opportunity to help shape new artists' careers and mentor them to see their dreams come to fruition is a task I welcome with open arms.
Christina Aguilera	I'm a bit of a night owl because that's when I feel the most creative and alive.
Christina Aguilera	I think it's really great when you stand up for something that you really believe, even if you get heat for it.
Christina Aguilera	Everybody needs that one person that takes you to the right place to see all the positives in your life.
Christina Aguilera	I went through my first big breakup, with a boyfriend who I had been with for more than two years. He had been one of my dancers, and it was my first love and his.
Christina Aguilera	It's definitely a dream come true to be recognized and to be able to sign autographs. But, it's also a lot of hard work and can be draining. If you don't know already, you will quickly learn who your real friends are.
Christina Aguilera	It's an amazing thing to say, 'I'm beautiful,' without feeling like you're cocky.
Christina Aguilera	I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.
Christina Aguilera	I'm not a judgmental person, so I can't comment on someone else's background.
Christina Aguilera	I have fun being sexy and tough at the same time.
Christina Aguilera	It's impossible to redefine yourself and your life overnight.
Christina Aguilera	Red lips and fragrance always top off an outfit for me.
Christina Aguilera	I never mind contorting myself for a good cause.
Christina Aguilera	I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there.
Christina Aguilera	The most vulnerable people have tough exteriors because they are very scared inside, and it's very hard for people like that - people like me - to open up. But playing it safe means you stop being open to learning. I always try to find the challenges.
Christina Aguilera	So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?
Christina Aguilera	When success comes, people can try to trick you or take advantage of you.
Christine Ebersole	'Grey Gardens' consumed my life for over two and a half years. It really takes its toll on the family. I'm not there to tuck them in, help them with homework and eat dinner with them. When I work on a show, I only have about 20 minutes a day with my family.
Christine Ebersole	I experience psychic phenomena, so people think I must be crazy. But you have to be accessible and intelligent to be a good actor. I might not have gotten the best grades in school, but I have a very high level of emotional intelligence. You have to be open to receive.
Christine Ebersole	My husband, Bill, and I tried having kids naturally, but then I came to a crossroads before my 40th birthday: I realized that my being a mother wasn't limited to my bearing a child. I just knew that I wanted to be a mother, so I offered it up to my destiny to God and to the universe and met with an adoption attorney. The process was not difficult.
Christine Ebersole	There's a Zen to acting, by being in the moment. That's where the power is.
Christine Ebersole	I thought my family was really funny. Everybody in my family was funny. My mom and dad both have great senses of humor and really saw the funny in stuff, so I think that's probably where it came from. I always try to see the funny in things.
Christine Ebersole	Sometimes I think my past life was unrealized. I met a tragic end - it might have been a car over a cliff. But it's true, I came from another time and place, and landed in Paris Hilton's backyard.
Christine Ebersole	Family transcends the flesh. You don't love someone because they look like you, you love their spirit; it's the soul connection.
Christine Ebersole	I don't wear jeans.
Christine Ebersole	I stay in my pajamas until I have to leave for work.
Christine Ebersole	I think doing dramas kind of wears on you. It's just intense.
Christine Ebersole	I've always been in love with Howard McGillen's voice, ever since I got wind of him.
Christine Ebersole	How do I let go of Maplewood? It's like Shangri-la. It's so culturally diverse, and all my children are adopted - a transracial family. And we're not the freaks. Everybody flies their freak flag high in Maplewood!
Christine Ebersole	I began my career performing in plays and musicals in New York, but by the mid-'80s, opportunities in Hollywood beckoned and I made the move to Los Angeles. It was a good decision. Work took off, but most important, I met my family out there - my husband, Bill, and the children we would adopt: Elijah, Mae-Mae, and Aron.
Christine Ebersole	I go where the revolution is, and the revolution is Ron Paul. Ron Paul is a champion of the Constitution. He's about getting rid of the Federal Reserve and shrinking federal government.
Christine Ebersole	In 1998, the acting roles suddenly bottomed out. I was no longer getting scripts; even my agent stopped calling. When I finally got him on the phone to ask him what was going on, he paused, then said: 'Well, Christine, you're 45.' I got rid of him.
Christine Ebersole	My father started out as a riveter, but he had the soul of an artist. He worshiped Shakespeare and had aspirations to be an actor. He claimed that from the first day he laid eyes on me, I was going to be this great dramatic actress.
Christine Ebersole	My mother wasn't controlling at all. She was a stabilizing force who grew up on a farm in Pennsylvania. Now it's the big circle game. Taking care of her is a great blessing for me. I'll tuck her into bed, kiss her on the cheek, wipe up the mess on her blouse from whatever she spilled.
Christine Ebersole	You can still love your job and feel guilty. You can still love your child and feel guilty. There's a lot of grey in that. It's about being conscious when you are spending time with your kids, being with them in the moment.
Christine Elise	Being a photographer is like listening to music. If you have a camera, by just living your life you're bound to find some things that are worth taking a picture of. You don't have to be an audiophile to have taste in music. It happens through osmosis.
Christine Elise	If I could wave a magic wand and be anything, I'd be a really respected, really successful author. That's a hard combination to get, though. I really enjoy acting, and it's easier, frankly.
Christine Elise	There are moments in 'Body Snatchers' that touch the sort of thing that I find scary... like isolation and the inability to trust even familiar things. But - is that a horror movie - or a thriller? I don't really know the difference.
Christine Elise	People with film careers get a whole onslaught of people they spend 12 hours a day with every three months. It's like speed dating. You've got a fast-track to social intimacy with a whole bunch of people.
Christine Elise	My parents are creative on many fronts, and they pushed me to be that way, too. They wanted me to write, actually.
Christine Elise	There are a few images in 'Exorcist 3' that scared me - people crawling on ceilings, etc. - but nothing beats the original. Even the book scared me to death.
Christine Feehan	I write for the love of writing. If I never published another book, I would still be writing stories.
Christopher Abbott	In the future, I kind of like the idea of doing music for film. I think that would be a nice job. I've always liked the sound aspect in movies. I guess once I have more instruments under my belt, it could be something I could do.
Christopher Abbott	It's one of the most beautiful things in the world, to go off and make a film. At the heart of it, making a film - it's pretend. It's a silly thing to do. But it can be important, and to have that experience with people you love is one of the best things you can do.
Christopher Abbott	We just weren't a family that gathered around the TV. I grew up in a town where everyone was outside all the time. I was mostly in Connecticut; I spent a lot of time in Tennessee in the summers, but I was in Stamford, Connecticut.
Christopher Abbott	I was in 'Martha Marcy May Marlene,' and I got to do a song for the soundtrack.
Christopher Abbott	I've never been in a band, but I've hung out with a lot of musicians and helped them with their shows. It's something that I'm really drawn to.
Christopher Abbott	Doing a play, you have a little bit more time, obviously. You rehearse for a month before you get up in front of people. It's a totally different energy. With film, TV, you want to try to capture lightning-in-a-bottle moments. I don't try to rehearse as much with that stuff, because you want those sparks of something to come out, if they do.
Christopher Abbott	I loved movies growing up. I went to the movies with my uncle all the time. But being an actor? I didn't even think about it until I was about twenty years old. I took a class at the college I was at. I don't know why - I just wanted to take a class, and I kind of fell in love with it there.
Christopher Abbott	I went to college in Connecticut, which was when I still lived at home. I worked at a video store, a wine store, and did odd jobs here and there like landscaping.
Christopher Abbott	Once I realized I wanted live in New York, I saved enough money that I wouldn't have to get a job right away. That was important to me, to focus on acting; I didn't want to come here and just fall into the mix.
Christopher Darden	The law has no compassion. And justice is administered without compassion.
Christopher Darden	The events of the day inspired me to become a lawyer.
Christopher Darden	That's the thing about us lawyers - if at all possible, we will consume each other.
Christopher Darden	I think that the mere fact that I'm doing it ought to inspire someone. In junior high school the counselor suggested that I focus on wood shop and metal shop.
Christopher Darden	That's an interesting question. I would say that in general Americans know very little about the law. It's one of those things that most of us take for granted.
Christopher Darden	I did not think that I was angry, but clearly anger was reflected in my writing. I did not think that I had been affected emotionally, but it was clear from my writing that I was still very emotional about the trial some six months after it ended.
Christopher Darden	I chose to go to law school because I thought that someday, somehow I'd make a difference.
Christopher Darden	It's much like writing a screenplay with someone else and that's how we view it, I think.
Christopher Darden	Writing is hard work, but a lot of fun, too. It allows me to live out some of my fantasies.
Christopher Darden	I no longer teach law. But when I did I advised my students that they should never accept a case if it meant that by doing so you couldn't sleep at night.
Christopher Darden	I think it hurt my performance because I stopped being me. That won't ever happen again.
Christopher Darden	I think that as I continue to write, my writing I hope will become more controversial and more provocative.
Christopher Darden	It would have been easier to have a male protagonist, but I didn't want people to assume that Nikki Hill was me in her entirety because a lot of people just don't like me and I don't think they would be interested in reading about me, even in the fictional context.
Christopher Darden	All I can really say is it's bloodier than hell. In this one I'm going to be much more direct and honest in my description of the actual killings and the crime scene.
Christopher Darden	I am a struggling writer. A middle-aged man with two little kids and I'm just trying to earn a living. So buy this book - or my kids will have to go to foster care.
Christopher Darden	I began writing in the 4th grade. As a matter of fact, I produced a play for the entire school. It was about Leif Ericson and the discovery of America.
Christopher Darden	I can't tell you how hard I worked the last year. In fact, I worked so hard that I know I can't maintain that same work level in 2001, so I've got to quit something.
Christopher Darden	I don't know how the editors are going to take it or how it may be received. But to some extent I'm hoping that with the next book, when people pick it up and read it, it will scare the pants off of them.
Christopher Darden	I just did something on a show on UPN called 'Girlfriends' that will be on television in February. I am actually a much better actor today than I was in 1996, believe it or not.
Christopher Darden	I suppose that one of the reasons I wrote 'In Contempt' was because of the money. After the trial I came to realize that there were things that I needed to do if I was to protect myself and my family, so there were some selfish reasons for it.
Christopher Darden	I'm real bent on dialogue. I'm just a little bit crazy and when you put that along with 20 years as a criminal lawyer, it's pretty easy to come up with some interesting plots.
Christopher Darden	In fact, some reviewers have said that as they got into the story they forgot that the protagonist is a black woman. They were moved by the story - by the people as a whole - and not by the little things.
Christopher Darden	In some ways I'm still recovering from the trial. My health is not as good as it ought to be. I've gone back to practicing law and it seems to have taken a toll for whatever reason.
Christopher Darden	It did not prepare me for writing or 'Power of Attorney.' However, what it did is that it forced me out of the DA's office. I stopped getting that county check.
Christopher Darden	It's too late for that - trying to second guess it. It's over. I'm worried about how to get the kids through school and still write and practice law and take power of attorney.
Christopher Eccleston	I think theatre is by far the most rewarding experience for an actor. You get 4 weeks to rehearse your character and then at 7:30 pm you start acting and nobody stops you, acting with your entire soul.
Christopher Eccleston	Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming.
Christopher Eccleston	I love my accent, I thought it was useful in Gone In 60 Seconds because the standard villain is upper class or Cockney. My Northern accent would be an odd clash opposite Nic Cage.
Christopher Eccleston	I don't see a lot of films. I'm quite choosy, but there's certain films that stick out.
Christopher Eccleston	Any horror element is as much psychological as special effects.
Christopher Eccleston	The money is better in films and television. But in terms of acting, theatre is more rewarding.
Christopher Eccleston	Many times I've sat with a camera and another actor and seen all their fears and insecurities and struggles. You want to support them and help them as much as you can.
Christopher Eccleston	I had bags of energy as a kid.
Christopher Eccleston	I heard the various terms of abuse at school and probably indulged them in the way you do as a kid.
Christopher Eccleston	I think the themes of belonging and parentage and love are obviously universal.
Christopher Eccleston	It can be very difficult to trace your birth parents.
Christopher Eccleston	Lots of middle class people are running around pretending to be Cockney.
Christopher Eccleston	I don't like to watch playback. But being on the set, watching the way the camera is being moved and the way the light is being used, you do get an idea of it.
Christopher Eccleston	I got a tiny part in a play, auditioned for another one and got that as well. Not only that, the first finished on the Saturday and the other started on the Monday which is like an actor's dream!
Christopher Eccleston	On The Others, very atmospheric and probably mysterious is how I would say it felt to be on the set. It felt just a little uneasy, the atmosphere that we were trying to capture.
Christopher Eccleston	Television, although It's in steep decline, still occasionally gives voices to people who don't have voices.
Christopher Eccleston	I had to help to coax the performances and I really enjoyed that extra responsibility.
Christopher Eccleston	I know exactly where I've come from, I know exactly who my mum and dad are.
Christopher Eccleston	I love Dead Ringers. A democratic set, the work was taken seriously.
Christopher Eccleston	I only ever worked on interiors, and an interior is an interior. I don't know what they did about exteriors.
Christopher Eccleston	I think film and television are really a director's medium, whereas theatre is the actor's medium.
Christopher Eccleston	I used my instincts. It's very easy to imagine how you'd feel, actually. I just had to tell the narrative.
Christopher Eccleston	I've never been up with the times, always been slightly out of step.
Christopher Eccleston	Jacobean plays, before Shakespeare, were particularly visceral.
Christopher Eccleston	The person who gives you your first job is so important in any industry.
Christopher Egan	There's no real road map to L.A. Everyone's journey is different. You have to persevere and be willing to put everything in it. You have to stick it out. I don't really have a safety net, but what I do is put myself in the best possible position to succeed by working hard. Also, be careful who you let into your life.
Christopher Egan	I've done a road trip across Italy with a girlfriend, and that was very romantic. I think that road trips are probably one of the romantic things you can do. To take your girlfriend and just stay wherever; don't have a destination and just drive and see where the road takes you is pretty cool.
Christopher Egan	Sense of humor. A girl who doesn't take themselves too seriously. And someone who is spontaneous. They're the three things for me that really attract me to a girl.
Christopher Egan	'Home And Away' was my first big break. I was already a fan of the show, so to suddenly be on it was really good.
Christopher Egan	I love playing the piano. I have one in my apartment, and I learnt by ear. I sing a lot of Coldplay, but do my own stuff too.
Christopher Egan	I grew up in a community of theatre, and I always loved musicals. From a young age, the first present I ever wanted was a video camera. For me it was a great outlet to be creative.
Christopher Egan	I just want to keep doing things completely different from the other. I just want to keep working with great people, great filmmakers and great actors and just building on that experience.
Christopher Gadsden	What I can do for my country, I am willing to do.
Christopher Gadsden	I therefore beg that you would indulge me with the liberty of declining the arduous trust.
Christopher Gadsden	My sentiments for the American cause, from the Stamp Act downward, have never changed... I am still of opinion that it is the cause of liberty and of human nature.
Christopher Gadsden	The House of Commons, refused to receive the addresses of the colonies, when the matter was pending; besides, we hold our rights neither from them nor from the Lords.
Christopher Gadsden	No man in America ever strove more, and more successfully first to bring about a Congress in 1765, and then to support it ever afterwards than myself.
Christopher Gadsden	The present times require the vigor and the activity of the prime of life; but I feel the increasing infirmities of age to such a degree, that I am conscious I cannot serve you to advantage.
Christopher Gadsden	I give no more paroles to British officers.
Christopher Gadsden	And, Mr. Speaker, if the Governor and Council don't see fit to fall in with us, I say let the general duty law, and all, go to the devil, sir, and go about our business.
Christopher Gadsden	I gave my parole once, and it has been shamefully violated by the British Government; I shall not give another to people on whom no faith can be reposed.
Christopher Gadsden	If my acceptance of the office of Governor would serve my country, though my administration would be attended with the loss of personal credit and reputation, I would cheerfully undertake it.
Christopher Gadsden	It may not be proper for me, perhaps, to let my feelings carry me further am therefore resigned to stop here, if sir, you think my particular reasons following too free, or will give offense to the House, which I would be sorry to be thought capable of intending.
Christopher Hampton	To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?
Christopher Hampton	Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post what it feels about dogs.
Christopher Hampton	A great number of the disappointments and mishaps of the troubled world are the direct result of literature and the allied arts. It is our belief that no human being who devotes his life and energy to the manufacture of fantasies can be anything but fundamentally inadequate.
Christopher Hampton	You know very well that unless you're a scientist, it's much more important for a theory to be shapely, than for it to be true.
Christopher Hampton	I have always thought of sophistication as rather a feeble substitute for decadence.
Christopher Hampton	I like L.A., but I think what's changed is that the kinds of films I do, the mid-range dramatic film, has become an endangered species.
Christopher Hampton	If I had to give a definition of capitalism I would say: the process whereby American girls turn into American women.
Christopher Hampton	It's great to get out of the study and work with real living and breathing people.
Christopher Hampton	There was a moment in the early '80s when I wanted to work on films and wanted to live in L.A.
Christopher Hampton	I always divide people into two groups. Those who live by what they know to be a lie, and those who live by what they believe, falsely, to be the truth.
Christopher Hampton	There is a sort of theory that you should adapt bad books because they always make more successful films.
Christopher Hampton	I find I have to give myself a day when I just shut myself off and do nothing but read.
Christopher Hampton	I love films. If I'd known how to get into or do it from the word go, I would have done that.
Christopher Hampton	I think there's something degrading about having a husband for a rival. It's humiliating if you fail and commonplace if you succeed.
Christopher Hampton	I'm ashamed to say the first play I saw at the Royal Court was mine.
Christopher Hampton	If you take a really good book, then the potential is for a really good film. But you've got to get it right.
Christopher Hampton	Often I think the novels I read won't make very good movies - I better not say which I'm looking at for potential films! - but it's nice to have an excuse to just sit and read for a whole day.
Christopher Hampton	Since my adaptation of Ian McEwan's 'Atonement,' I get sent a lot of novels that people think will work as movies. So every now and then I make a point of sitting down and reading a couple of them.
Christopher Isherwood	What irritates me is the bland way people go around saying, 'Oh, our attitude has changed. We don't dislike these people any more.' But by the strangest coincidence, they haven't taken away the injustice; the laws are still on the books.
Christopher Isherwood	Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique, and not too much imagination.
Christopher Isherwood	I am a camera with its shutter open, quite passive, recording, not thinking.
Christopher Isherwood	California is a tragic country - like Palestine, like every Promised Land.
Christopher Isherwood	I'll bet Shakespeare compromised himself a lot; anybody who's in the entertainment industry does to some extent.
Christopher Isherwood	One should never write down or up to people, but out of yourself.
Christopher Morley	There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley	Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water.
Christopher Morley	There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Christopher Morley	Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Christopher Morley	Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Christopher Morley	There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.
Christopher Morley	High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead.
Christopher Morley	A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life.
Christopher Morley	When you sell a man a book, you don't sell him 12 ounces of paper and ink and glue - you sell him a whole new life.
Christopher Morley	The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.
Christopher Morley	No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does.
Christopher Morley	In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
Christopher Morley	Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Christopher Morley	The trouble with wedlock is that there's not enough wed and too much lock.
Christopher Morley	The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Christopher Morley	No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
Christopher Morley	Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.
Christopher Morley	Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to continually be part of unanimity.
Christopher Morley	Dancing is a wonderful training for girls, it's the first way you learn to guess what a man is going to do before he does it.
Christopher Morley	I had a million questions to ask God: but when I met Him, they all fled my mind; and it didn't seem to matter.
Christopher Morley	From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.
Christopher Morley	A human being: an ingenious assembly of portable plumbing.
Christopher Morley	Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
Christopher Morley	The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
Christopher Morley	Lots of times you have to pretend to join a parade in which you're not really interested in order to get where you're going.
Chuck D	Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and when people start getting it confused, that means they need to sit down with some real people.
Chuck D	Being positive is like going up a mountain. Being negative is like sliding down a hill. A lot of times, people want to take the easy way out, because it's basically what they've understood throughout their lives.
Chuck D	The immediacy of the technology of the web allows us, as songwriters, to write something very sharp and quick. That has a lot to do with helping a songwriter be more reflective of reality, instead of being in an area where you have to process things. It's the difference between processing fish and catching it in a boat.
Chuck D	Of course voting is useful. But then again, I don't put a big glow to it. Voting is about as essential as washing yourself. It's something you're supposed to do. Now, you can't go around bragging, expecting to get props because you voted. That's stupid.
Chuck D	When you travel the world, you have to watch and you have to listen. We're not going to come in to Ireland without an understanding that there's a history that's very sensitive.
Chuck D	A lot of times black folks look for love in all the wrong places. You're always looking for somebody to love you, be accepted, and there's the insecurities that are even transmitted through rap. Everyone is trying to aim to please too much.
Chuck D	I'd rather have a hundred thousand or a million people saying I'm nuts and I'm crazy for my musical choices and what I've said lyrically, than a million people all raising their hand on the first day.
Chuck D	I think governments are the cancer of civilization.
Chuck D	There are too many leaders anointed because they have a public voice - television, radio, or record, or whatever. That even includes myself. In the past, I'd say, 'Don't anoint me when you can anoint yourself.'
Chuck D	Government and culture are two diametrically opposed forces - the one blinds and oppresses, the other uplifts and unites.
Chuck D	Music and art and culture is escapism, and escapism sometimes is healthy for people to get away from reality. The problem is when they stay there.
Chuck D	Downloadable music is the biggest musical phenomenon since the Beatles, and the music industry is slow to come to grips with that.
Chuck D	I'm a multi-tasker. I was down with that stuff before they invented the term.
Chuck D	You can't master time, but you have to work your hardest to manage it.
Chuck D	Hip-hop is a part of rock & roll because it comes from DJ culture. DJ culture is the embodiment of all genres and all recorded music, if you actually pay attention to it.
Chuck D	I grew up as a sports fan, and I know that a hall of fame is very different than an award for being the best of the year. It's a nod to the longevity of our accomplishment.
Chuck D	I believe that, artistically and culturally, the free radio air should be able to support local artists of whatever genre. Play 40 percent of your local artists; don't suck up to major labels to the point where you neglect your own locale.
Chuck D	I spread the message of hope and of unity. That's what gets me up in the morning. I can tell you what is wrong, but I can't tell you how to fix it. I'm a raptivist, not a politician. I deal in hope.
Chuck D	I was inspired by the classic rock radio of the Seventies. They separated Chuck Berry and the Beatles from the Led Zeppelins and Bostons and Peter Framptons of the time. In many ways, classic rock became bigger than mainstream rock.
Chuck D	Real people do real things. A collective of a whole bunch of people who do things in their own locale, in their own neighborhoods - the sum is bigger than the parts, and the parts will grow.
Chuck D	Rappers should just be able to perform what they create and satisfy the people that like and love them.
Chuck D	I think too much of the music industry is for the lawyer and accountant mentality.
Chuck D	My mother went to university, my father didn't. But they are very educated, very wise people. My father went to the military, so he's worldly.
Chuck D	People aren't going to support an artist just because they have an audio file. They have to feel a real connection.
Chuck D	I think the Internet was the saving grace for Public Enemy. Before that, travelling the world saved Public Enemy.
Chuck Daly	There's nothing like being involved with a team that can go that distance.
Chuck Daly	I do some broadcasting and speaking as well.
Chuck Daly	The two championship years were that significant for me.
Chuck Daly	The important thing is to get the right players on the team so Mike can be successful.
Chuck Daly	If you're going to have to beg them to play, it's not going to work.
Chuck Daly	I've had too lengthy a career and coached too many players to make a choice.
Chuck Daly	To some degree. I know I couldn't do it anymore.
Chuck Daly	I think the Pistons have such a well rounded team, which is why they're so successful. All you have to do is look at the stats defensively and at their rebounding and scoring.
Chuck Daly	Though I'd have to say it was generally the guys in Detroit, as a group, that won the two Championships. They were terrific and I always look back very fondly.
Chuck Eddy	Few bands in hard rock history have been so adept at balancing the awesome and trivial as Van Halen in their prime.
Chuck Eddy	I'm that grumpy old guy yelling at all those pesky little Grizzly Bear fans to get offa my lawn.
Chuck Eddy	If I am thinking the same as everyone why bother pushing to get it published?
Chuck Eddy	Mayer Hawthorne's old school pop-R&B homages are so meticulous that it's tempting to overrate his pipes.
Chuck Eddy	By the late '80s, I was already giving up on rap music.
Chuck Eddy	Critics should stick to their convictions.
Chuck Eddy	Gary Allan has long been one of country's most reliably velvet-voiced beautiful losers.
Chuck Eddy	I like critics with strong opinions.
Chuck Eddy	Music critics are part of the world, and I am part of the world.
Chuck Eddy	California club pop chirper Dev's debut is as stark as it is sweet. This is owed partly to the casually giddy lightness of her talk-singing - familiar from her slizzered 2010 cameo on Far East Movement's smash 'Like a G6,' and around-the way-girl frisky like 1980s Latin freestyle.
Chuck Eddy	No band on 21st-century radio has mined pre-grunge hair-metal's sleaze like L.A.'s Buckcherry. So it makes poetic sense that they'd spend their sixth album tallying all seven deadly sins.
Chuck Hagel	The United Nations has a critical role to play in promoting stability, security, democracy, human rights, and economic development. The UN is as relevant today as at any time in its history, but it needs reform.
Chuck Hagel	No one individual vote, no one individual quote or no one individual statement defines me, my beliefs, or my record.
Chuck Hagel	Peace comes through dealing with people. Peace doesn't come at the end of a bayonet or the end of a gun.
Chuck Hagel	Foreign policy will require a strategic agility that, whenever possible, gets ahead of problems, strengthens U.S. security and alliances, and promotes American interests and credibility.
Chuck Hagel	I have never believed you go to war in Iraq, you go to war in Afghanistan, and believe that you can deal with those battlefields, those countries, in microcosms, or narrow channels.
Chuck Hagel	Well, Mr Obama inherited probably the biggest inventory of problems, certainly foreign policy problems, than any American president ever has. I think the entire inventory of problems that he inherited is probably as big overall as any president, certainly since Franklin Roosevelt and maybe, in some cases, worse.
Chuck Hagel	When you're dealing in situations that are uncontrollable and combustible, you try to stabilize the situation as quickly as you can and then work toward and work out toward democratic reform.
Chuck Hagel	I have said many times that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.
Chuck Hagel	I'm a supporter of Israel, always have been.
Chuck Hagel	I would not trade America's position in the world - our ledger, our debts and assets - for any country in the world. There isn't a country in the world even close to America.
Chuck Hagel	Engagement is not appeasement. Engagement is not surrender.
Chuck Hagel	Imposing democracy through force is a roll of the dice.
Chuck Hagel	Nations, great nations have limitations. All nations have limitations. Even great powers have limitations.
Chuck Hagel	The United States can't impose democracies. We can't impose our will. The Russians found that out in Afghanistan.
Chuck Hagel	We live in a world where there are dangerous people, there are bad people.
Chuck Hagel	Foreign policy is all about a universe of bad decisions, imperfect decisions; every situation is different. The dynamics, the atmospherics, the people, the pressures, the geopolitical realities shift.
Chuck Hagel	My overall worldview has never changed: that America has and must maintain the strongest military in the world, that we must lead the international community to confront threats and challenges together, and that we must use all tools of American power to protect our citizens and our interests.
Chuck Hagel	Our alliances should be understood as a means to expand our influence, not as a constraint on our power. The expansion of democracy and freedom in the world should be a shared interest and value with all nations.
Chuck Hagel	Alliances and international organizations should be understood as opportunities for leadership and a means to expand our influence, not as constraints on our power.
Chuck Hagel	I'm not saying my idea is the one and only idea. We should have other ideas, but the president has not laid down a specific plan as to how he's going to get us to solvency. I do that.
Chuck Hagel	Our foreign policy needs to support our energy, economic, defense and domestic policies. It all falls within the arch of national interest. There will be windows of opportunity, but they will open and close quickly.
Chuck Hagel	Too often in Washington we tend to see foreign policy as an abstraction, with little understanding of what we are committing our country to: the complications and consequences of endeavors.
Chuck Hagel	When I came to the Senate in 1997, the world was being redefined by forces no single country controlled or understood. The implosion of the Soviet Union and a historic diffusion of economic and geopolitical power created new influences and established new global power centers - and new threats.
Chuck Hagel	Bogging down large armies in historically complex, dangerous areas ends in disaster.
Chuck Hagel	I am fully supportive of 'open service' and committed to LGBT military families.
Chuck Palahniuk	Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
Chuck Palahniuk	Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
Chuck Palahniuk	The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it, because it's only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, fantasies that last. Stone crumbles, wood rots. People, well, they die. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream, a legend, they can go on and on.
Chuck Palahniuk	I would say any behavior that is not the status quo is interpreted as insanity, when, in fact, it might actually be enlightenment. Insanity is sorta in the eye of the beholder.
Chuck Palahniuk	The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
Chuck Palahniuk	People don't want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas. Their distractions. Their stories resolved. Their messed cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the big scary unknown.
Chuck Palahniuk	If you knew that your life was merely a phase or short, short segment of your entire existence, how would you live? Knowing nothing 'real' was at risk, what would you do? You'd live a gigantic, bold, fun, dazzling life. You know you would. That's what the ghosts want us to do - all the exciting things they no longer can.
Chuck Palahniuk	The only difference between suicide and martyrdom is press coverage.
Chuck Palahniuk	Find out what you're afraid of and go live there.
Chuck Palahniuk	The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close-up.
Chuck Palahniuk	We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Chuck Palahniuk	I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart.
Chuck Palahniuk	You must realize that one day you will die. Until then you are worthless.
Chuck Palahniuk	If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character, would you slow down? Or speed up?
Chuck Palahniuk	In 2008, while the film version of my book 'Choke' was coming to market, my mother was diagnosed with lung cancer. That meant that I had to appear in public to promote a comedy about a son trying to save his dying mother - the plot of Choke - while privately I was caring for my own dying mother. It was torture.
Chuck Palahniuk	If nothing else, there's comfort in recognising that no matter how much we fail and sin, death will limit our suffering.
Chuck Palahniuk	Arguing that God doesn't exist would be like people in the 10th century arguing that germs and microbes didn't exist because they couldn't see them.
Chuck Palahniuk	I've always thought stand-up comedians were the oral storytellers of our time, because they know rhetoric, they know delivery, they know timing, they know all of these things that you can only learn by telling a story out loud and interacting with an audience.
Chuck Palahniuk	If you flee from the things you fear, there's no resolution.
Chuck Palahniuk	People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
Chuck Palahniuk	For me and my entire generation, we took on this kind of sarcastic, ironic, snarkiness because it seemed the most extreme reaction to the earnestness of hippies.
Chuck Palahniuk	Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed.
Chuck Palahniuk	Men are destroyed for being rebellious, and women destroy themselves by failing to be rebellious. Unless you can make that next jump to either getting along with people or resisting people, you are ultimately destroying yourself.
Chuck Palahniuk	More and more, it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself.
Chuck Palahniuk	We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens.
Cindy Gallop	I have a low tolerance for people who complain about things but never do anything to change them. This led me to conclude that the single largest pool of untapped natural resources in this world is human good intentions that are never translated into actions.
Cindy Gallop	Despite their good intentions, today's businesses are missing an opportunity to integrate social responsibility and day-to-day business objectives - to do good and make money simultaneously.
Cindy Gallop	I like to describe myself as a proudly visible member of the most invisible segments of our society - older women.
Cindy Gallop	If I ran the world, I would find a way to bring the wealth of human good intentions and corporate good intentions together - to activate them collectively into shared action against shared objectives that produces shared hard, tangible results.
Cindy Gallop	I design my start-up ventures around my own personal beliefs and values.
Cindy Gallop	I realized relatively early on that I had no desire to be a mother whatsoever. I actually love children, but specifically other people's.
Cindy Gallop	Client companies and advertising agencies are old-world-order places. The systems and processes and structures come from a time when you shot the TV commercial, then you did the print ads, then you did everything else - including the website. Everything has changed, but the systems haven't.
Cindy Gallop	When I give talks like the one I'm going to give at the Changing Advertising Summit, one of the points I often make to the audience is that I'm not one of those speakers who stands in front of the audience and pontificates - everything I talk about I'm actually doing myself. I'm living it.
Cindy Gallop	The single biggest lesson I learned was when a hire isn't working out fire them fast. My biggest mistakes, and where I've seen the worst results, were when I gave someone too many chances, or let a situation drift on for too long because I couldn't bring myself to terminate it.
Cindy Gallop	Too many people, including the ad industry, believe the future is something that happens and just rolls them over in it's wake.
Cindy Gallop	I like to stand out and make a statement.
Cindy Gallop	My background is advertising: I moved to New York from London in 1998 to start up the U.S. office of ad agency Bartle Bogle Hegarty.
Cindy Gallop	There was no active, conscious decision-making point, just a gradual realization over time that I'm very happy minus children and marriage.
Cindy Gallop	Anyone who has worked with me knows that I am extremely action-oriented. I'm all about making things happen.
Cindy Gallop	I consider myself a rampant feminist.
Cindy Gallop	I deplore the shying away that can go on, within women, from the term 'feminist.' I am, absolutely, all about being a feminist.
Cindy Gallop	I had a high-flying career. Never wanted to get married. All I wanted to do was have some fun.
Cindy Gallop	I love the unknown.
Cindy Gallop	I realized I was an attractive older woman who never wanted to settle down.
Cindy Gallop	I've never felt any particular desire to be married.
Cindy Gallop	My personal cause and platform, if you like, is women's rights and women's issues.
Cindy Gallop	When we launched If WeRanTheWorld, I said to my team, I want us to innovate in every aspect of how we design and operate this as a business venture, as much as the web platform itself - because I want us to design our own startup around the working lives that we would all like to live. Women and men alike.
CJ Adams	CJ is my nickname. It stands for Cameron, and my middle name is John.
CJ Adams	I was watching TV one day, and there was this open casting call for extras, and my brother says, 'You wanna try out for this movie?' and I said, 'No, I'm okay.' And then he said, 'Do you wanna be on a DVD?' And I said, 'I wanna be on a DVD!,' so I tried out.
CJ Adams	The first movie I did was 'Dan in Real Life,' which was directed by Peter Hedges, the same director who did 'The Odd Life of Timothy Green.'
CJ Adams	What I learned about acting is that you become the character, like I became 'Timothy Green.'
Claire Cameron	I love the Internet, and I love wasting time on the Internet - even though it sometimes ends up being not being a waste of time.
Claire Cameron	I would get a lot of writing done if I lived in isolation in a cave under a swamp.
Claire Cameron	I cried most days working on the first draft. The last scenes were the hardest. I had a feeling where I wanted to end - the exact note - but I couldn't see how to get there. Sarah Murphy, my editor, asked the right questions to help me. I think of 'The Bear' as a hopeful book.
Claire Cameron	The body needs food, warmth and water, but your heart needs more.
Claire Cameron	The feat of surviving is directly related to the capacity of the survivor.
Claire Cameron	How do you solve a mystery? How do you write a book? The techniques for starting both are surprisingly similar. Find an intriguing question and, pen and dagger tucked under cloak, search for clues.
Claire Cameron	I was haunted by a bear attack that happened in Algonquin Park in 1991. The problem was that I don't believe in ghosts, so that ruled out an exorcism. My other choice was to start writing.
Claire Cameron	I was hiking a five-day loop - alone - in the Rocky Mountains when I rounded the switchback and saw a large body on the trail ahead. It had brown fur with a cinnamon tinge that was draped across dense, humped back muscle. A broad head lifted and I could see the dish-shaped muzzle was catching my scent. I knew bears. This was a grizzly.
Claire Cameron	Many of my favorite survivors in fiction show that it may not be the most muscled, macho or mighty people who pull through. A strong mind and body aren't always enough. You might also need a resilient heart.
Claire Cameron	A young woman hiking alone in the mountains sounds dangerous. In the pre-cell phone era maybe it was, but I'll stop short of calling it foolish.
Claire Cameron	I like situations that push a character to the edge.
Claire Cameron	I'll settle for successful during my lifetime because at least I can be conscious of the delusion that it means something.
Claire Cameron	A lot of people have trouble with their second novel - the dreaded sophomore jinx. I wrote three books in between the two novels, and they just weren't very good.
Claire Cameron	Everything has the potential to be extraordinary, whether an old photograph, a book or a life. If you find it ordinary, you simply need to take a closer look.
Claire Cameron	I find this mortifying to admit, but I have one of those balls that helps my posture. They're hard to sit on, so it stops me from sitting too long... I also wear a pair of 3M(TM) PELTOR(TM) Optime(TM) II Ear Muffs. They're the same ones that people wear on the tarmac among the planes - noise blockers.
Claire Cameron	I would have liked to be on the streets of Manhattan during 9/11. My working theory is that people are much kinder to each other in times of trauma than we tend to portray in our stories.
Claire Cameron	I'm very rigid about my schedule. I sit down at 8 A.M., and the Internet blocker goes on. My standard time is 120 minutes. I'm a compulsive writer, so it reminds me to stop writing... If I write more than that, I turn into an ogre for my kids.
Claire Cameron	Parents spend a lot of time talking over kids. My son went through a vocabulary burst as I was writing 'The Bear.' I thought, 'What if I just stopped and listened?'
Claire Cameron	What sets 'Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children' apart is Riggs's use of 'found' photographs as a spark of inspiration for the narrative. 'Found' describes art created from common objects that are not normally considered art.
Claire Cameron	While 'Visitation Street' has the markings of a traditional whodunnit mystery - starting with a missing girl, intrigue and many suspicious characters - Pochoda shows her hand early on by fingering a culprit. The book turns, then, into a 'whydunnit.'
Claire Danes	People with bipolar disorder have difficulty with boundaries.
Claire Danes	Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl.
Claire Danes	I am not a genius. But I am nerdy.
Claire Danes	Once you get over that peak of puberty, you hit a nice stride.
Claire Danes	Counterterrorism isn't really about the nunchakus, the guns and gadgets. It's about psychology.
Claire Danes	We just can't shake monogamy. It definitely demands a kind of rigor and discipline and selflessness. But it's also fun.
Claire Danes	Acting is the greatest answer to my loneliness that I have found.
Claire Danes	I have a huge, active imagination, and I think I'm really scared of being alone; because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into a madwoman.
Claire Danes	I get a little jealous of these actor boys. They walk into a club, and in two seconds flat there are swarms of girls who are wanting so badly to touch them or just say hello. That's not the case with me, or any other girl I know.
Claire Danes	Psychology and acting are very closely linked. It's just about studying people and how they work. It can be an incredible discipline and exercise.
Claire Danes	But I don't know if people are meant to be together. You have to have a lot in common, choose well and be really fortunate. It's not like you're sprinkled with fairy dust. You have to believe that love will be there when you need it.
Claire Danes	I think I would make a lousy stay-at-home mom. It just wouldn't suit me.
Claire Danes	Every three seconds in the developing world, a child dies needlessly due to lack of basic health care and other things we all take for granted.
Claire Danes	Fame doesn't end loneliness.
Claire Danes	I like marriage. I feel very secure. It helps when you are in love with the person you are married to.
Claire Danes	I've always had a really active imagination. Lots of kids have imaginary friends. Mine just took on a rather demonic form.
Claire Danes	I've always very earnestly tried to do my best, so I just have to trust that and forgive myself for being fallible.
Claire Danes	Acting is a humiliating job, from start to finish.
Claire Danes	I really have never been concerned about being beautiful on-screen. That's just not my jam.
Claire Danes	Growing up in New York City, I was always encouraged to question authority, and I think I confused patriotism with jingoism.
Claire Danes	If you do something that you're not genuinely passionate about, it is a little soul-crushing. Just not worth it.
Claire Danes	Most people assume that autistic people are not capable of empathy.
Claire Danes	Relationships are a constant negotiation and balance.
Claire Danes	I actually think in some ways that it might be more challenging to be bipolar because it's so mercurial - it's so ever-changing. You can't get any traction. You can't build on a system. Whereas, somebody who has Asperger's, which is certainly a much more forgiving expression of autism, can create models for coping and build on them over time.
Claire Danes	I would sign on for projects that were meant to shoot in July, and then they would postponed and they would bleed into the following semester, and then I'd take a semester off, and then the movie would collapse.
Clare Balding	If you are fearful, a horse will back off. If you are calm and confident, it will come forward. For those who are often flattered or feared, the horse can be a welcome mirror of the best in human nature.
Clare Balding	The most important quality in a partner is a sense of humour.
Clare Balding	I hate being alone, even for 10 minutes.
Clare Balding	I am many things, but one of the things I am is a lesbian.
Clare Balding	I didn't just grow up with horses; I wanted to be one.
Clare Balding	I find people interesting. People trying hard are interesting. People with a passion are interesting - whether it's old cars or taxidermy or knitting.
Clare Balding	A lot of interviewers are looking for the dark side. They want to know about the depths of your despair and fear.
Clare Balding	Fitting in is boring. But it takes you nearly your whole life to work that out.
Clare Balding	I really love good food occasionally, but I need time to enjoy it, and I need to be hungry.
Clare Balding	Being made to feel like an irrelevant child was probably an asset. Benign negligence is not a bad parental attitude or at least a cross between a benevolent dictator and benign negligence - you should just let kids crack on with it.
Clare Balding	If you look back at British history, women being allowed to play sport in schools meant they had to change their clothing. They couldn't be running around in their long skirts and corsets, because you can't.
Clare Balding	You come across words all the time that are everyday sexism. I was described as 'competently bossy' and 'bossily competent' by a male journalist, and I thought, 'Gosh, 'bossy' is never used of a man.'
Clare Balding	I've had so many things, good and bad, said about me. I'm way beyond worrying about what people say.
Clare Balding	I think 'ambitious' is one of those adjectives used for women in a derogatory way.
Clare Balding	I get a lot of abuse on Twitter. It's mostly homophobic, but what can you do? I just either ignore it or laugh.
Clare Balding	I play golf - even though I'm awful at it.
Clare Balding	I want to make the world a better place, for women, mainly.
Clare Balding	I've always been fascinated by intelligence and how our brains work, and how they can be improved.
Clare Balding	Swimmers provide much healthier role models for teenagers than the catwalk.
Clare Balding	Women's sport helps break down a lot of barriers for women in other areas, whether in religion or politics.
Clare Balding	You hear the word 'cancer,' and you think it is a death sentence. In fact, the shock is the biggest thing about a diagnosis of cancer.
Clare Balding	The British have a unique relationship with horses. They are etched into our landscape in chalk, they have been written about, painted, sung about, celebrated and gambled upon for centuries.
Clare Balding	People like to think of you as a certain person, or a certain type of person, and they do love to give you a label. We like luggage labels, and we like people labels.
Clare Balding	Swimming and athletics are the big gigs at the Olympic games. Cycling and rowing are pretty big for Britain, but globally, the two big things are athletics and swimming.
Clare Balding	When you're little, your father is your hero. Mine was. Then it all becomes more complicated.
Clarence Darrow	History repeats itself, and that's one of the things that's wrong with history.
Clarence Darrow	I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - that is all that agnosticism means.
Clarence Darrow	The only real lawyers are trial lawyers, and trial lawyers try cases to juries.
Clarence Darrow	I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of.
Clarence Darrow	Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in a courtroom; Justice is what comes out of a courtroom.
Clarence Darrow	Chase after the truth like all hell and you'll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails.
Clarence Darrow	I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
Clarence Darrow	I have suffered from being misunderstood, but I would have suffered a hell of a lot more if I had been understood.
Clarence Darrow	The world is made up for the most part of morons and natural tyrants, sure of themselves, strong in their own opinions, never doubting anything.
Clarence Darrow	You can only protect your liberties in this world by protecting the other man's freedom.
Clarence Darrow	The pursuit of truth will set you free; even if you never catch up with it.
Clarence Darrow	True patriotism hates injustice in its own land more than anywhere else.
Clarence Darrow	The first half of our lives are ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
Clarence Darrow	Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
Clarence Darrow	Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Clarence Darrow	When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President; I'm beginning to believe it.
Clarence Darrow	I never wanted to see anybody die, but there are a few obituary notices I have read with pleasure.
Clarence Darrow	As long as the world shall last there will be wrongs, and if no man objected and no man rebelled, those wrongs would last forever.
Clarence Darrow	No other offense has ever been visited with such severe penalties as seeking to help the oppressed.
Clarence Darrow	The law does not pretend to punish everything that is dishonest. That would seriously interfere with business.
Clarence Darrow	The trouble with law is lawyers.
Clarence Darrow	Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt.
Clarence Darrow	To think is to differ.
Clarence Darrow	There is no such thing as justice - in or out of court.
Clarence Darrow	The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
Clark Gable	I'm just a lucky slob from Ohio who happened to be in the right place at the right time.
Clark Gable	It is an extra dividend when you like the girl you've fallen in love with.
Clark Gable	The only reason they come to see me is that I know that life is great, and they know I know it.
Clark Gable	Hell, if I'd jumped on all the dames I'm supposed to have jumped on, I'd have had no time to go fishing.
Clark Gable	Everything Marilyn does is different from any other woman, strange and exciting, from the way she talks to the way she uses that magnificent torso.
Claudia Cardinale	It's fantastic because I've been living thousands of lives, not only my life.
Claudia Cardinale	But we did the Pink Panther not in Hollywood, in Italy.
Claudia Cardinale	Yes, they wanted me to sign a contract of exclusivity, and I refused.
Claudia Cardinale	But Sergio Leone invented totally the way of, you know, the details, the eyes, the hands - fantastic.
Claudia Cardinale	But to do this kind of work, you have to be very strong, otherwise you lose your personality, your identity.
Claudia Cardinale	Many other movies, but for me The Professionals is the best I did in Hollywood.
Claudia Cardinale	And also, Sergio Leone was considered in Italy a director of category B, not a big director.
Claudia Cardinale	And I had a big opportunity with Richard Brooks, The Professionals, which is really a magnificent movie.
Cleveland Abbe	As a great man's influence never ends, so also there is not definite finality, no end, to a great survey; it runs along for centuries, ever responsive to the strain of the increasing needs of a growing population and an enlarging domain.
Cleveland Abbe	True science is never speculative; it employs hypotheses as suggesting points for inquiry, but it never adopts the hypotheses as though they were demonstrated propositions.
Cleveland Abbe	It is inevitable that those to whom is vouchsafed a long life of usefulness should outlive the friends of their youth.
Cleveland Abbe	My boyhood life in New York City has impressed me with the popular ignorance and also with the great need of something better than local lore and weather proverbs.
Cleveland Abbe	The atmosphere is much too near for dreams. It forces us to action. It is close to us. We are in it and of it. It rouses us both to study and to do. We must know its moods and also its motive forces.
Cleveland Abbe	I have started that which the country will not willingly let die.
Clifford Irving	I became chairman of the inmates committee. Got into a lot of trouble. Was accused of fomenting a riot. Was accused of plotting to kill the warden.
Clifford Irving	I was on a train of lies. I couldn't jump off.
Clifton Daniel	Write about society as news and treat it like sociology.
Clifton Daniel	I would say that President Roosevelt probably was more intimately in touch with the press corps at the White House than President Truman was.
Clifton Fadiman	Insomnia is a gross feeder. It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking, including thinking about not thinking.
Clifton Fadiman	When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.
Clifton Fadiman	For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
Clifton Fadiman	One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
Clifton Fadiman	Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
Clifton Fadiman	Cheese is milk's leap toward immortality.
Clifton Fadiman	Gertrude Stein was masterly in making nothing happen very slowly.
Clifton Fadiman	When you re-read a classic you do not see in the book more than you did before. You see more in you than there was before.
Clifton Fadiman	A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself.
Clifton Fadiman	There are two kinds of writers; the great ones who can give you truths, and the lessor ones, who can only give you themselves.
Clifton Fadiman	The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
Clifton Fadiman	By the end of high school I was not of course an educated man, but I knew how to try to become one.
Clifton Fadiman	I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
Clifton Fadiman	A bottle of wine begs to be shared; I have never met a miserly wine lover.
Clifton Fadiman	A good memory is one trained to forget the trivial.
Clifton Fadiman	Mr. Faulkner, of course, is interested in making your mind rather than your flesh creep.
Clifton Fadiman	The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest.
Clifton Fadiman	To take wine into our mouths is to savor a droplet of the river of human history.
Clifton Fadiman	To feel at home, stay at home.
Clifton Fadiman	My son is 7 years old. I am 54. It has taken me a great many years to reach that age. I am more respected in the community, I am stronger, I am more intelligent and I think I am better than he is. I don't want to be a pal, I want to be a father.
Clifton Fadiman	I tried to use the questions and answers as an armature on which to build a sculpture of genuine conversation.
Clifton Fadiman	As between mileage and experience choose experience.
Clifton Fadiman	My main recollection is of the work I had to do in order to eat.
Clifton Fadiman	He has made a profession out of a business and an art out of a profession.
Clint Eastwood	Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.
Clint Eastwood	They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
Clint Eastwood	Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
Clint Eastwood	I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.
Clint Eastwood	If you want a guarantee, buy a toaster.
Clint Eastwood	You should never give up your inner self.
Clint Eastwood	I had three points I wanted to make: That not everybody in Hollywood is on the left, that Obama has broken a lot of the promises he made when he took office, and that the people should feel free to get rid of any politician who's not doing a good job. But I didn't make up my mind exactly what I was going to say until I said it.
Clint Eastwood	Crimes against children are the most heinous crime. That, for me, would be a reason for capital punishment because children are innocent and need the guidance of an adult society.
Clint Eastwood	There's a rebel lying deep in my soul.
Clint Eastwood	I don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
Clint Eastwood	The innocence of childhood is like the innocence of a lot of animals.
Clint Eastwood	The less secure a man is, the more likely he is to have extreme prejudice.
Clint Eastwood	What you put into life is what you get out of it.
Clint Eastwood	You have to steal a lot. You have to have a criminal mentality to be a film director.
Clint Eastwood	I would just like to say something, ladies and gentlemen. Something that I think is very important. It is that, you, we - we own this country. We - we own it. It is not you owning it, and not politicians owning it. Politicians are employees of ours.
Clint Eastwood	I think kids are natural actors. You watch most kids; if they don't have a toy, they'll pick up a stick and make a toy out of it. Kids will daydream all the time.
Clint Eastwood	Fate pulls you in different directions.
Clint Eastwood	I just think it is important that you realize , that you're the best in the world. Whether you are a Democrat or Republican or whether you're libertarian or whatever, you are the best. And we should not ever forget that. And when somebody does not do the job, we got to let them go.
Clint Eastwood	President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.
Clint Eastwood	I tried being reasonable, I didn't like it.
Clint Eastwood	Let's put it this way: there wouldn't be much point in me attending a high-school reunion now because there wouldn't be anybody there. We'd struggle to raise a quorum.
Clint Eastwood	I've never met a genius. A genius to me is someone who does well at something he hates. Anybody can do well at something he loves - it's just a question of finding the subject.
Clint Eastwood	My uncle played rugby, and my dad played football, and they used to argue which game was the roughest - and everybody agreed rugby was. It's a great team sport, and to be successful, every person has to play in the same level.
Clint Eastwood	Comedy isn't necessarily all dialogue. Think of Buster Keaton: the poker face and all this chaos going on all around him. Sometimes it's a question of timing, of the proper rhythm.
Clint Eastwood	You have to feel confident. If you don't, then you're going to be hesitant and defensive, and there'll be a lot of things working against you.
Clive James	It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.
Clive James	A life without fame can be a good life, but fame without a life is no life at all.
Clive James	Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.
Clive James	She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way that a midget is good at being short.
Clive James	Whoever called snooker 'chess with balls' was rude, but right.
Clive James	Disco dancing is just the steady thump of a giant moron knocking in an endless nail.
Clive James	Even in moments of tranquility, Murray Walker sounds like a man whose trousers are on fire.
Clive James	Anyone afraid of what he thinks television does to the world is probably just afraid of the world.
Clive James	Fiction is life with the dull bits left out.
Clyde Edgerton	Because we men have been physically stronger and more arrogant, we've influenced much of the cool stuff of the world, like basing the definition of courage on what we do on battlefields rather than on the patience or endurance or tolerance necessary for a sometimes painful daily grind that includes small children.
Clyde Edgerton	A working definition of fathering might be this: fathering is the act of guiding a child to behave in ways that lead to the child's becoming a secure child in full, thus increasing his or her chances of being happy and fruitful as a young adult.
Clyde Edgerton	If you are a good person, you will probably be a good father. Try not to worry too much. If you don't feel apprehensive just before your first child arrives, you are abnormal. Though catastrophe doesn't come as often in childbirth as it did a few generations ago, we naturally fear it.
Clyde Edgerton	A parentologist is a person who writes a book about parenting that is very clear about answers to, 'How am I supposed to raise my child?' Some of these well-intentioned people may be a bit too sure-footed on the sometimes slippery slope of parenting.
Clyde Edgerton	Kristina, my wife, and I thought about this one day when the kids were, of course, watching television. And we took a big blanket and put it in the backyard and said, 'Let's go out on our back and look at the sky and call it sky television.' We saw all kinds of things.
Clyde Edgerton	I once tried to raise two tomato plants, and they died in spite of the fact I fertilized them every morning. Duh.
Clyde Edgerton	In my case, a papadaddy is a father. My paternal grandfather was called Papa by my father who was called Daddy by me.
Clyde Edgerton	As an older dad who grew up in a rural culture in the South, certain things were expected of women, and that included raising the children. But I think it's just as important for the father to give the baths, to hug, to change the diapers, to tell the stories.
Clyde Edgerton	Being a father can 'unreason' your worldview, or at least make it very flexible, and that can create all sorts of fun and insights. It's sad that children's open-eyed wonder and sense of play begin to fade as they approach adolescence. One grand function of fathering is to keep the fading to a minimum.
Clyde Edgerton	I think I would have written more books if I'd had fewer kids or had them earlier, but I think the books in general would have had a little less spark to them.
Clyde Edgerton	I hope people will like my novels after I'm dead. And I hope my children think about me in good ways, by and large.
Clyde Edgerton	Music was a large part of my life. and it is a bit cliche, but it's a way people come together.
Clyde Edgerton	I believe there's a secret chemical that's turned loose when you have kids that says you've got to survive, you've got to be strong. That keeps you on your toes, besides all kinds of other things, when you have three little ones running around.
Clyde Edgerton	I can't deal with the ears in 'Star Trek.' I only saw the first 'Star Wars' movie, and I don't think I saw an entire 'Star Trek' TV show, and I certainly didn't see the movie. I like 'Andy Griffith' and 'Deadwood.'
Clyde Edgerton	I have a daughter, Catherine, aged 30. I have a 9-year-old son, Nathaniel, a 7-year-old son, Ridley, and a 6-year-old daughter, Truma. I'm 68. The age gap between the younger kids and me is not something I think about much because I feel physically about like I did when I was 40, or at least, I think I do.
Clyde Edgerton	It's nice to have more than one little one because then you'll have - while one is pushing you in a wheelchair, the other one can open the doors for you.
Clyde Edgerton	Recently, I was preparing to sing Springsteen's 'If I Should Fall Behind' for a wedding and was unable to get through it without tears. My wife handed me 'Love You Forever.' I read it. I cried. But that cry somehow cured me of crying while singing the song. Go figure.
Coco Chanel	A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Coco Chanel	In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Coco Chanel	Fashion fades, only style remains the same.
Coco Chanel	Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, fashion has to do with ideas, the way we live, what is happening.
Coco Chanel	Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants.
Coco Chanel	Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Coco Chanel	There are people who have money and people who are rich.
Coco Chanel	Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Coco Chanel	A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
Coco Chanel	Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.
Coco Chanel	The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
Coco Chanel	Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fifty.
Coco Chanel	Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but of those who have already taken possession of their future.
Coco Chanel	Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it is not luxury.
Coco Chanel	Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions.
Coco Chanel	Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.
Coco Chanel	Some people think luxury is the opposite of poverty. It is not. It is the opposite of vulgarity.
Coco Chanel	Look for the woman in the dress. If there is no woman, there is no dress.
Coco Chanel	Jump out the window if you are the object of passion. Flee it if you feel it. Passion goes, boredom remains.
Coco Chanel	Elegance is refusal.
Coco Chanel	Elegance does not consist in putting on a new dress.
Coco Chanel	Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.
Coco Chanel	Since everything is in our heads, we had better not lose them.
Coco Chanel	I am not young but I feel young. The day I feel old, I will go to bed and stay there. J'aime la vie! I feel that to live is a wonderful thing.
Coco Chanel	How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Colbie Caillat	Talking with my friends and family every day helps keep me grounded and connected to home. They are the most important things to me.
Colbie Caillat	Bob Marley is a huge influence. I love reggae music, but I also love the purpose of the songs he writes and the style of the music - it takes your worries away and makes you feel good, and I think that's what music is about.
Colbie Caillat	I pay attention to how I look but I don't let it go too far.
Colbie Caillat	I like how my body feels when I'm in shape; I love how it feels after I work out each day. Fitting in the clothes I like to wear comfortably and living a healthy lifestyle is important to me.
Colbie Caillat	I don't take relationships too seriously, but everyone else seems to. And when you get your heart broken, it's like the end of the world. And I look at it as that was one moment in your life, one chapter. That person helped you grow and figure out what kind of person you want to be with in the future.
Colbie Caillat	I love to exercise outside in the fresh air and sun: hiking, swimming, stand-up paddleboarding, and jogging.
Colbie Caillat	I think the older you get, the more you know about life, and the more you learn about yourself and you become comfortable in your own skin. So the older I'm getting, the more fun I'm having.
Colbie Caillat	Songwriting is like a therapy, it's a connection that you have with another person, and I'm not scared of it at all for some reason.
Colbie Caillat	I'm always shy and timid when I write in front of people.
Colbie Caillat	Writing is my therapy. My feelings build up inside of me and then I sit down and write a song.
Colbie Caillat	I usually end up falling for one of my really good guy friends because I know everything about them, and you fall in love with their personalities, and it makes them become attractive to you in your eyes.
Colbie Caillat	I didn't want to call and schedule shows or call and make people listen to my music. Luckily, my friends and family really stayed on me and made me put myself out there.
Colbie Caillat	Whenever I'm on tour and I'm in my hotel room and I'm writing and playing my guitar, I go in the bathroom and I record whatever I'm writing in there. It's just what I love to do.
Colbie Caillat	And when I perform on my own tour, I have to talk myself into going out on that stage every single night.
Colbie Caillat	Being a musician is a job - it is just a really fun one!
Colbie Caillat	I was always shy and had a huge fear of being onstage.
Colbie Caillat	Well, I started writing songs about three years ago when I learned to play the guitar, but I've been singing since I was eleven.
Colbie Caillat	When I turned 19 I kinda realized that I needed to write my own songs instead of singing songs written by other people.
Colin Baker	I like challenges that test your ingenuity.
Colin Baker	I'm an actor. If you had said to me before I started acting that I'd get two bites of the cherry - you would do things that people will remember forever like 'The Brothers' which I did in the '70s and now 'Doctor Who' - I'd have been overjoyed and I still am.
Colin Baker	Nobody can fail to lose weight in the jungle, unless they've got a secret stash of pork pies somewhere.
Colin Baker	I am a big man, but I've allowed my condition to deteriorate by being overweight.
Colin Baker	I haven't been approached to do a 'Doctor Who' movie. I think they would be scraping the bottom of the barrel if they asked me to do it.
Colin Baker	It was lovely to do The Knock because I haven't done anything really significant since Doctor Who.
Colin Baker	I do adore food. If I have any vice it's eating. If I was told I could only eat one food for the rest of my life, I could put up with sausage and mash forever.
Colin Baker	I could, I think, quite easily have gone to Oxford. I got four good A levels, but my father's income was such that I wouldn't have got a grant, and he wouldn't let me go to university, and that was the end of it.
Colin Baker	One way of watering down the effects of violence is to approach it in a more lighthearted way. I don't mean to say that you laugh when somebody has their arm sawn off, but you can diffuse fear with humour.
Colin Baker	I do remember reading the script of 'The Nightmare Fair' and looking forward to doing it.
Colin Baker	Actors love to act all those death scenes.
Colin Baker	I hope I'm always convincing when I act!
Colin Baker	I loathe cheese, it makes me ill.
Colin Baker	I never have reservations about doing anything as long as I'm being paid.
Colin Baker	I never turn down scripts without good reason. If I did, I would probably never work.
Colin Baker	I take every job on its merits.
Colin Baker	I'm perfectly proud of the work I did, looking back at it. I know I've had a bit of a revision since my 'Big Finish' stories came out.
Colin Baker	I've mellowed quite quickly.
Colin Baker	If you turn down work because you are frightened of getting typecast, you'll never do anything good.
Colin Baker	The standard of writing that I'm getting now from 'Big Finish' compares very favourably with some of the stuff I was doing on screen in the '80s.
Colin Baker	As any actor will tell you, the hardest thing to do is small parts, because you focus all your attention and concentration on that small part. When you're playing the lead part, you don't have time to think about the whole of it, so you just have to steam on and get on with it.
Colin Baker	I was well aware of the fact that once you appeared in Doctor Who as something else, you were ruled out for the part of the Doctor: that was a kind of well known thing in the business.
Colin Camerer	Game theory is a branch of, originally, applied mathematics, used mostly in economics and political science, a little bit in biology, that gives us a mathematical taxonomy of social life, and it predicts what people are likely to do and believe others will do in cases where everyone's actions affect everyone else.
Colin Camerer	It's like simulating earthquakes: we can over and over study a bubble, crash, bubble, crash. Then we can see mathematically if there's some regular pattern and what's going on in people's brains when prices are going up and before the crash is happening.
Colin Camerer	Caltech is a very adventurous place. Part of the culture is that we tolerate people doing things that seem impossible, and also synthesizing and borrowing ideas across very kooky and unusual boundaries.
Colin Camerer	Charles Darwin and I and you broke off from the family tree from chimpanzees about five million years ago. They're still our closest genetic kin. We share 98.8 percent of the genes. We share more genes with them than zebras do with horses. And we're also their closest cousin. They have more genetic relation to us than to gorillas.
Colin Camerer	We see that hyperactivity and reward areas are important when the bubble's rising. People getting caught up in it. We also see areas involving mentalizing, which means thinking about other people: Who's buying? Who's selling? Do they know something? We see emotional areas before the crash that indicate a sense of uncertainty or dread.
Colin Farrell	I've never seen a moon in the sky that, if it didn't take my breath away, at least misplaced it for a moment.
Colin Farrell	I will say that as I get older and calmer and quieter in my own self, the one quality in a woman that I find more and more attractive is kindness. A sense of adventure and humor is important too, but I truly find kindness and consideration for others to be the most attractive thing in anyone.
Colin Farrell	Being Irish is very much a part of who I am. I take it everywhere with me.
Colin Farrell	But we're born as children and we look at the world with open eyes... And we don't judge and we don't betray. We're not jealous. We're not envious. We're not even weary, which is a danger also as kids. They have to learn a certain amount of awareness.
Colin Farrell	It's not that I'm stupid. I just don't think sometimes.
Colin Farrell	I know what the important things are in life. I know that just because I pretend to be someone else for two hours on the silver screen doesn't make me a better person than the next man. So, I mind all those things. Simple things.
Colin Farrell	The sea always offers up incredible stories of survivors' fortitude. Myths of a lot of countries have variations on that.
Colin Farrell	You know. I'll try anything. I'll do anything. I'll explore. Try different takes. All that kind of stuff to do sometimes, to do good performances, but always conducive to having a good time creatively.
Colin Farrell	I'm just a true Irish boy at heart.
Colin Farrell	Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether it's attractiveness that's born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves.
Colin Farrell	I mean, we are tribal by nature, and sometimes success and material wealth can divide and separate - it's not a new philosophy I'm sharing - more than hardship, hardship tends to unify.
Colin Farrell	But I dare not think too far into the future on the risk that I'll miss the present.
Colin Farrell	I'm in no hurry to get anywhere. I don't have any plans. I don't have a map. If you did in this business, you'd destroy yourself.
Colin Farrell	Life is apogee, apex, decline; life is death - and everything else is open to discussion.
Colin Farrell	The first time you hold your baby in your arms, I mean, a sense of strength and love washes over you. It washed over me and I never thought that possible.
Colin Farrell	I've realized as well after five years of being on the road that if I'm going to four or five months of my life to something even if I'm overpaid, it's four or five months of my life away from home, away from my son, away from family and friends. I better believe in it on some level even if it's a big movie.
Colin Farrell	You spend so much time in your head in life. And what yoga does is, it asks you to allow your head to be quiet, to allow it to be still, just for an hour and a half. Just deal with your body and your breath. And it's a great workout. I love it.
Colin Farrell	Anything that's different from your own realm of experience as a human being, whether it's driving a car or a boat, or using guns, anything that separates you from yourself and leads you more towards this character's existence is a big help.
Colin Farrell	I've got plenty of love in my life already in the form of my sons and a few good friends who I value dearly.
Colin Farrell	Pain seems to be easier, or melancholy seems to be easier to portray in a character. I don't know if that's because I'm a human being or because I'm an Irishman or both.
Colin Farrell	My Dublin wasn't the Dublin of sing-songs, traditional music, sense of history and place and community.
Colin Farrell	I like to go for a little drive up the California coast.
Colin Farrell	I love the grandiosity, how sweepingly entertaining films can be. And I think there's a place for films that pry more into the human condition.
Colin Farrell	I was never an A student, but I was really well behaved until I was 13 or so.
Colin Farrell	I'm not painting myself as a down-home, modest guy.
Colin Powell	A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
Colin Powell	There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell	Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Colin Powell	Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Colin Powell	If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Colin Powell	Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.
Colin Powell	Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Colin Powell	Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Colin Powell	Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
Colin Powell	The healthiest competition occurs when average people win by putting above average effort.
Colin Powell	In other words, don't expect to always be great. Disappointments, failures and setbacks are a normal part of the lifecycle of a unit or a company and what the leader has to do is constantly be up and say 'we have a problem, let's go and get it'.
Colin Powell	I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
Colin Powell	Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
Colin Powell	Get mad, then get over it.
Colin Powell	My own experience is use the tools that are out there. Use the digital world. But never lose sight of the need to reach out and talk to other people who don't share your view. Listen to them and see if you can find a way to compromise.
Colin Powell	Never neglect details. When everyone's mind is dulled or distracted the leader must be doubly vigilant.
Colin Powell	If a leader doesn't convey passion and intensity then there will be no passion and intensity within the organization and they'll start to fall down and get depressed.
Colin Powell	The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
Colin Powell	But just as they did in Philadelphia when they were writing the constitution, sooner or later, you've got to compromise. You've got to start making the compromises that arrive at a consensus and move the country forward.
Colin Powell	It ain't as bad as you think. It will look better in the morning.
Colin Powell	Experts often possess more data than judgment.
Colin Powell	I respect the fact that many denominations have different points of view with respect to gay marriage and they can hold that in the sanctity in the place of their religion and not bless them or solemnize them.
Colin Powell	Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission.
Colin Powell	Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up.
Colin Powell	Never let your ego get so close to your position that when your position goes, your ego goes with it.
Colm Feore	Charm is an intangible. Chutzpah, charm, charisma, that kind of thing, you can't buy it. You either have it or you don't.
Colm Feore	I've worked on all sorts of things, like the sci-fi stuff for Vin Diesel, where the script is numbered and is in unphotocopy-able colours and your name is stamped into every page. And it doesn't really help because it creates a false sense of specialness about the thing.
Colm Feore	I do dead Canadians. If he's dead and he's Canadian and he's famous, I'll be playing him at some point.
Colm Feore	I've played all kinds of historical characters, but they are stuck in movies that aren't their movies.
Colm Feore	On '24,' it says on the front page of your script: 'This script is for the production staff and cast. Please don't show it to anybody else.'
Colm Feore	I take some pains to learn the material beforehand. I have a bunch of tricks I use to try and hit the ground running. I write everything out. I take the text and I very methodically go through, and that tends to put it into my head a little bit more solidly than if I just glanced at it and hoped for the best.
Colm Feore	I'm pragmatic. If this is going to make sense, get me a job, and in the end let me put my kids through school. I'll play killers. But my kids always ask me, 'Do you die in this one, too, Daddy?'
Confucius	It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius	Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius	The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Confucius	Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius	Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius	By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Confucius	When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Confucius	Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius	Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Confucius	It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
Confucius	Silence is a true friend who never betrays.
Confucius	Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
Confucius	Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Confucius	He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
Confucius	To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
Confucius	If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself.
Confucius	The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home.
Confucius	In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of. In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of.
Confucius	I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Confucius	To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness.
Confucius	When anger rises, think of the consequences.
Confucius	You cannot open a book without learning something.
Confucius	If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.
Confucius	Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
Confucius	Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
Conrad Hall	You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
Conrad Hall	There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
Conrad Hall	Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Conrad Hall	Photography is a very important part of my life.
Conrad Hall	Contrast is what makes photography interesting.
Conrad Hall	There are infinite shadings of light and shadows and colors... it's an extraordinarily subtle language. Figuring out how to speak that language is a lifetime job.
Conrad Hall	Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.
Conrad Hall	I think one of the reasons people quit is because they're afraid they won't be able to get better and better; that they have to come to a zenith of some kind.
Conrad Hall	I saw Tequila Sunrise as a romantic picture with complex, bigger than life characters.
Conrad Hall	I realize that every picture isn't a work of art.
Conrad Hall	My peers say I have made a difference. That means more to me than winning an Oscar.
Conrad Hall	Every once in a while, when the audience is expecting to see one thing, you have to show them something else.
Conrad Hall	I was very happy sitting alone at a dining room table, writing a script.
Conrad Hall	Manipulating shadows and tonality is like writing music or a poem.
Conrad Hall	That's why I like fast film. It gives you more freedom to light more naturally.
Conrad Hall	The audience has to understand that if the film is going to have any meaning for them. If they are going to empathize with the characters, they have to visualize the process of concentration involved in making every move.
Conrad Hall	With today's fast films, you can light the way your eye sees the scene. You can abuse the film and create subtleties in contrast with light and exposure, diffusion and filters. That's what makes it an art.
Conrad Hall	It was 100 feet of 16 mm black-and-white film of a car coming to a stop sign, and driving off. I had to decide how to frame and light it. It was magic. There was a sense of mystery.
Conrad Hall	In aptitude tests, I scored highest in music.
Conrad Hall	Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry.
Conrad Hall	I don't think of myself as a director or writer. I think of myself as a filmmaker.
Conrad Hall	But at heart, I am more than a cinematographer.
Conrad Hall	Every cinematographer I worked with had his own way of solving problems.
Conrad Hall	I suppose I would still be a communicator, maybe a musician.
Conrad Hall	My first semester, I got a D in creative writing.
Constance Jablonski	I have a huge breakfast every morning because I never know if I'll have time for lunch, especially during Fashion Week. It keeps my mood positive all day. And my parents taught me to have tons of fruit and vegetables, which I think helps my skin.
Constance Jablonski	The life of a model isn't easy. But I try to keep a good head on my shoulders by staying close to my family and old friends. They're my support system.
Constance Jablonski	I actually wanted to be a tennis player.
Constance Jablonski	I eat healthy, and I eat a lot.
Constance Jablonski	I was crazy about Elle Macpherson. She modeled, acted and did everything. She was a huge example for me.
Constance Jablonski	Many models do yoga, but I find it boring. I'd rather be outdoors having fun.
Corey Feldman	I have led a pretty colorful life.
Corey Feldman	I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.
Corey Feldman	I knew how to read a contract by 10 years old, but I didn't know what it meant for somebody to come in and tell me they loved me and kiss me goodnight. That's a problem.
Corey Feldman	You have to stay updated on trends, social things and pop culture, you need to stay with the times and keep evolving.
Corey Feldman	Self-realization is great.
Corey Feldman	My addiction has always been beautiful women, being surrounded by them.
Corey Feldman	I met my wife by breaking two of my rules: never date a girl seriously that you meet at a nightclub and never date a fan.
Corey Feldman	When God put everybody here, I don't think that he had a master plan of a pecking order. That's not what you see in the Bible. I disagree with that notion, so in my estimation, we've all been put on this planet to share it. It is our duty and our obligation and our responsibility to make sure that we've done so in the proper fashion.
Corey Feldman	It's funny; I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up.
Corey Feldman	Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.
Corey Feldman	It was a great experience for a kid, because it was a bunch of kids playing on pirate ships and water slides, so looking back on it, it was the fondest experience of my childhood.
Corey Feldman	I literally was famous before I knew my own name.
Corey Feldman	I look for the safety of my child. I don't really care about me.
Corey Feldman	When I am working, I am working. When I am promoting, I am promoting. The rest of the time, I try to stay under the radar a bit.
Corey Feldman	My discrepancy with children in the industry is that they are made famous before they know who they are as human beings.
Corey Feldman	I'm a big kid, I'm a kid at heart, so I still love the classic family films, such as the great Warner Bros film 'Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory' - not the remake, but the original. It's still one of the best movies, hands down, ever made, and of course that goes back to the ingenuity of the characters and the storyline.
Corey Feldman	As a kid, I liked the 'Halloween' movies and 'Nightmare On Elm Street' and all that kind of stuff. But as an adult, I really don't watch much horror, to be honest.
Corey Feldman	Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.
Corey Feldman	I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry.
Corey Feldman	I don't want to be lumped into any categories.
Corey Feldman	I'm a bit of a hippie.
Corey Feldman	If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems.
Corey Feldman	Thrillers are my favorite. I like stuff that keeps you on the edge of your seat or maybe makes you jump.
Corey Feldman	On the musical side, I always wanted to kind of carry on Pink Floyd's sound. You know, Pink Floyd always had such an original, creative and masterful sound, but there are no new albums. My thought was that there's a way to keep their sound alive.
Corey Feldman	I do believe that belief is the most powerful thing we have in this world. So, if we believe in something enough. And we have faith, we can make it a reality. That is basically the basis of my entire career and my entire life.
Corey Haim	What does kissing really mean to me? To me, if you feel, when you kiss a girl, that certain feeling of all those dolphins, like, swimming through your blood stream, and you get those good tingles inside your stomach, I don't think there's any better feeling.
Corey Haim	Stuff happens when you are a kid; it scars you inside for life.
Corey Haim	But one led to two, two led to four, four led to eight, until at the end it was about 85 a day - the doctors could not believe I was taking that much. And that was just the valium - I'm not talking about the other pills I went through.
Corey Haim	I think I have an addiction to pretty much everything. I mean, I have to be very careful with myself as far as that goes, which is why I have a support group around me consistently.
Corey Haim	I want people to learn from me, see I'm human, and understand that I make mistakes just like they do, but it doesn't have to consume you. You've got to walk through the raindrops, and that's totally what I am trying to do.
Corey Haim	I'm trying to get in the habit of, you know, picking up a book and learning how to write my feelings down, not my feelings but my thoughts, about things, and hopefully I'll moving toward the writing and directing thing soon.
Corey Haim	It basically comes down to that word: Love. I guess that's what it's all about.
Corey Haim	I'd love to see the rushes but it's just not allowed because directors and also a lot of actors feel that if they see their work, and the director likes what they're doing, the actor might try to correct their mistakes.
Corey Haim	I feel like, with myself, I ruined myself to the point where I wasn't functional enough to work for anybody, even myself. I wasn't working.
Corey Haim	But a year before that, I was starting to drink beer on the set of the film Lucas (1986).
Corey Haim	I always thought acting was all lights, camera, action. It's a job; you have to do your job correctly.
Corey Haim	I have a doggy, a Japanese Akita, who I live to play with.
Corey Haim	I lived in Los Angeles in the '80s, which was not the best place to be.
Corey Haim	I make myself pizza if it comes down to that drastic measurement.
Corey Haim	I wanted to play professional hockey, man. But when I acted, I thought, 'Well, okay, maybe I do have something here.'
Corey Haim	I don't like Heather Graham. She did an interview and said, 'I didn't want to kiss Corey; I didn't want to catch his mononucleosis. He had a kissing disease.'
Corey Haim	Um, you know, they have every right to feel the way they do and things are great with me, as you see, I'm very, good shape now and on the ball. Things are happening.
Corey Haim	For eight-and-a-half years, I was just watching movies, and just staying in bed and just eating food and just, you know, being just miserable.
Corey Haim	I've gotten to work with some great people. I've been really lucky.
Corey Haim	You are what you wear. I wear something different everyday.
Corey Haim	Corey feldman and I did sneak into the screening room one day during Lost Boys.
Corey Haim	I absolutely did date Victoria Beckham, yes.
Corey Haim	I play keyboards and sing. I've written a couple of songs too.
Corey Haim	I started on the downers which were a hell of a lot better than the uppers because I was a nervous wreck.
Corey Haim	I want to direct. Definitely a goal of mine.
Courtney Gains	I think acting and psychology are both looking at what makes human beings tick. I've always found that fascinating.
Courtney Gains	I always laugh because people assume I love horror because I do a horror movie, but I'm not a huge horror fan.
Courtney Gains	I like the movie 'Das Boot,' the German film made in the '80s. I found out it was a series that was made into a film for the U.S.
Courtney Gains	Honestly, I had a kid, so you watch the movies your kids want to watch. I'm also a producer, so when I watch movies, I look at them from the genre they are, the budget they had, and the time they had to produce it. That's how I evaluate their success.
Courtney Gains	I'm good at cold reading; I've made a living doing this, and most of the time I do audition, but it's very tough. It's a very uncomfortable, awkward process. You never get used to it, really.
Craig Fairbrass	I watched 'Iron Man 3' the other night, and my chin was on the floor. 'Vikingdom' is a different type of movie, because it's rooted in reality. The characters are more real; they're not these superhuman people who can fly and do things.
Craig Fairbrass	As a kid, all I wanted to do was be in a Viking film.
Craig Fairbrass	I don't know if you're familiar with Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. You step outside the hotel, and you're soaking wet within 10 minutes.
Craig Fairbrass	I would hate the thought of dying full stop; I've got to be honest with you.
Craig Fairbrass	I've never worried about being typecast - I've only ever worried about being not cast!
Craig Fairbrass	I did 'Call of Duty Modern Warfare' as Gaz, then I did Ghost in 'Modern Warfare 2,' which has become one of the most iconic figures in the history of computer games.
Craig Fairbrass	I was in 'Cliffhanger' years ago, so I'm a massive fan of the big event movies - the good ones - but there's a lot of crap that's made in between the good ones. It's just the superhuman films that I can't get my head around. I guess if you're a fan of them, then you love them.
Craig Ferguson	I think sometimes that people think brave means not being afraid, which of course it doesn't mean that at all. It means that you're afraid, but you move past that and do it anyway, do what you think is right.
Craig Ferguson	I don't know now if I'm funny. I just keep talking and hope that I hit something that's funny.
Craig Ferguson	I dropped out of high school when I was 16, after I had a huge argument with my English teacher over the meaning of the word 'existentialism.'
Craig Ferguson	I got sober. I stopped killing myself with alcohol. I began to think: 'Wait a minute - if I can stop doing this, what are the possibilities?' And slowly it dawned on me that it was maybe worth the risk.
Craig Ferguson	Other than the laws of physics, rules have never really worked out for me.
Craig Ferguson	It's very interesting to know what people are doing while you're working on late-night television.
Craig Ferguson	I'm not aware of having a creepy laugh, but apparently I do.
Craig Ferguson	Don't ever rope me in as a late-night talk show host. I don't want to be one.
Craig Ferguson	I came to America, and I made good. It's an old story, but it hasn't been told in a long time. Usually, it's, 'I'm an immigrant, I came here and got persecuted.' My story is I came here, I worked hard, and it worked out all right. So it's still available.
Craig Ferguson	I've started looking at my own father a bit funny. He assures me, though, that I really am the son of a Scottish postman.
Craig Ferguson	I aim to please. I'm nothing if not a vaudevillian.
Craig Ferguson	I have to do a show which is of interest to me, or else I'm lost.
Craig Ferguson	I hope what I do has an art to it, and as an artist you have to try new things and keep yourself entertained.
Craig Ferguson	I'm a terrible interviewer. I'm not a journalist - although I have a Peabody Award - and I'm not really a late-night host. What I am is honest.
Craig Ferguson	If we are now holding late-night talk-show hosts to the same moral accountability as we hold politicians or clergymen, I'm out. I'm gone.
Craig Ferguson	I just do my thing and try each show to be more honest about why I am and who I am. It's quite tricky and actually nerve-racking to do that. It's kind of a happy train wreck.
Craig Ferguson	I proved to my own satisfaction that I am madder than I think.
Craig Ferguson	The idea of having Australians upset at me is just awful.
Craig Ferguson	I used to believe, like many people who come from poor backgrounds, that it gave me an edge, but I think that's just something we have to tell ourselves to get by sometimes. I don't believe that anymore. Children of privilege can be just as talented and clever as anybody else.
Craig Ferguson	They were singing, Gillette, the best a man can get, with a lot of guys hugging their fathers and sailing and riding bikes. I suddenly felt a long way from the best a man could get and I thought it would be nice to get from there to the best.
Craig Ferguson	I used to psych myself up before the show and now I do the complete opposite: I psych myself down. It's 12:30 at night, you don't want some guy yelling at you. You want some guy just talking to you.
Craig Ferguson	It's like, it's kind of like if you ever had a car and it was a bit of a clunker but you love it, that's my show. It's a bit of a clunker but I know where everything is and I like it.
Craig Ferguson	When I went out on tour as Bing Hitler I would hook up with Lenny and we'd get drunk together. He was always very supportive. He was a big star and a lot of what he said to me had power and impact. Apart from that, I just like him.
Craig Ferguson	I'm reading a book, because I'm brainy. No, it is a book - if you don't know, it is like a blog except bigger.
Craig Ferguson	I think comedy comes more from a low sense of self-esteem, and I certainly have that.
Creighton Abrams	While we are guarding the country, we must accept being the guardian of the finest ethics. The country needs it and we must do it.
Creighton Abrams	When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
Creighton Abrams	They've got us surrounded again, the poor bastards.
Creighton Abrams	You people are telling me what you think I want to know. I want to know what is actually happening.
Creighton Abrams	It is never very crowded at the front.
Crystal Eastman	A good deal of tyranny goes by the name of protection.
Crystal Eastman	Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots.
Crystal Eastman	Indifference is harder to fight than hostility, and there is nothing that kills an agitation like having everybody admit that it is fundamentally right.
Crystal Eastman	The average man has a carefully cultivated ignorance about household matters - from what to do with the crumbs to the grocer's telephone number - a sort of cheerful inefficiency which protects him.
Crystal Eastman	If the feminist program goes to pieces on the arrival of the first baby, it's false and useless.
Crystal Eastman	I am not interested in women just because they're women. I am interested, however, in seeing that they are no longer classed with children and minors.
Crystal Eastman	I would not have a woman go to Congress merely because she is a woman.
Crystal Eastman	It is all right for the lion and the lamb to lie down together if they are both asleep, but if one of them begins to get active, it is dangerous.
Crystal Eastman	It is not so much that women have a different point of view in politics as that they give a different emphasis. And this is vastly important, for politics is so largely a matter of emphasis.
Cyril Falls	Leadership is particularly necessary to ensure ready acceptance of the unfamiliar and that which is contrary to tradition.
Cyril Falls	The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it.
Cyril Falls	So long as large armies go to battle, so long will the air arm remain their spearhead.
Dag Hammarskjold	Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
Dag Hammarskjold	Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was.
Dag Hammarskjold	Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold	If only I may grow: firmer, simpler, quieter, warmer.
Dag Hammarskjold	The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat. The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned.
Dag Hammarskjold	Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Dag Hammarskjold	The more faithfully you listen to the voices within you, the better you will hear what is sounding outside.
Dag Hammarskjold	'Freedom from fear' could be said to sum up the whole philosophy of human rights.
Dag Hammarskjold	We are not permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is ours.
Dag Hammarskjold	The longest journey is the journey inwards. Of him who has chosen his destiny, Who has started upon his quest for the source of his being.
Dag Hammarskjold	God does not die on the day when we cease to believe in a personal deity, but we die on the day when our lives cease to be illumined by the steady radiance, renewed daily, of a wonder, the source of which is beyond all reason.
Dag Hammarskjold	To forgive oneself? No, that doesn't work: we have to be forgiven. But we can only believe this is possible if we ourselves can forgive.
Dag Hammarskjold	Your position never gives you the right to command. It only imposes on you the duty of so living your life that others can receive your orders without being humiliated.
Dag Hammarskjold	What makes loneliness an anguish is not that I have no one to share my burden, but this: I have only my own burden to bear.
Dag Hammarskjold	Life only demands from you the strength that you possess. Only one feat is possible; not to run away.
Dag Hammarskjold	Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.
Dag Hammarskjold	It is more noble to give yourself completely to one individual than to labor diligently for the salvation of the masses.
Dag Hammarskjold	Constant attention by a good nurse may be just as important as a major operation by a surgeon.
Dag Hammarskjold	The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are, the more leisure we have.
Dag Hammarskjold	There is a point at which everything becomes simple and there is no longer any question of choice, because all you have staked will be lost if you look back. Life's point of no return.
Dag Hammarskjold	Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.
Dag Hammarskjold	I am the vessel. The draft is God's. And God is the thirsty one.
Dag Hammarskjold	Do not seek death. Death will find you. But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
Dag Hammarskjold	Maturity - among other things, the unclouded happiness of the child at play, who takes it for granted that he is at one with his play-mates.
Dag Hammarskjold	Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your convictions.
Daisaku Ikeda	With love and patience, nothing is impossible.
Daisaku Ikeda	Japan learned from the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that the tragedy wrought by nuclear weapons must never be repeated and that humanity and nuclear weapons cannot coexist.
Daisaku Ikeda	There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
Daisaku Ikeda	Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.
Daisaku Ikeda	The determination to win is the better part of winning.
Daisaku Ikeda	Genuine happiness can only be achieved when we transform our way of life from the unthinking pursuit of pleasure to one committed to enriching our inner lives, when we focus on 'being more' rather than simply having more.
Daisaku Ikeda	When one takes action for others, one's own suffering is transformed into the energy that can keep one moving forward; a light of hope illuminating a new tomorrow for oneself and others is kindled.
Daisaku Ikeda	It is crucial that we develop real awareness of ourselves as citizens of Earth, linked by mutual and indissoluble bonds. When we clearly recognize this reality and ground ourselves in it, we are compelled to take a strict accounting of our way of life.
Daisaku Ikeda	Ultimately, all human activities have as their goal the realization of happiness. Why, then, have we ended up producing the opposite result? Could the underlying cause be our failure to correctly understand the true nature of happiness?
Daisaku Ikeda	Poems and songs penned as an unstoppable outpouring of the heart take on a life of their own. They transcend the limits of nationality and time as they pass from person to person, from one heart to another.
Daisaku Ikeda	The eyes of a poet discover in each person a unique and irreplaceable humanity. While arrogant intellect seeks to control and manipulate the world, the poetic spirit bows with reverence before its mysteries.
Daisaku Ikeda	The reactions of the human heart are not mechanical and predictable but infinitely subtle and delicate.
Daisaku Ikeda	History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse. Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom.
Daisaku Ikeda	No one is born hating others.
Daisaku Ikeda	A genuinely happy person is one who has rendered others happy.
Daisaku Ikeda	A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process.
Daisaku Ikeda	I firmly believe that the mission of religion in the 21st century must be to contribute concretely to the peaceful coexistence of humankind.
Daisaku Ikeda	We must take steps to prevent further nuclear weapons development or modernization.
Daisaku Ikeda	It is natural for us, as human beings, to look forward. Our eyes naturally look ahead. In this sense, we are made for moving toward a goal.
Daisaku Ikeda	You must not for one instant give up the effort to build new lives for yourselves. Creativity means to push open the heavy, groaning doorway to life.
Daisaku Ikeda	Dialogue and education for peace can help free our hearts from the impulse toward intolerance and the rejection of others.
Daisaku Ikeda	We are not merely passive pawns of historical forces; nor are we victims of the past. We can shape and direct history.
Daisaku Ikeda	People need to be made conscious of a very simple reality: we have no choice but to share this planet, this small blue sphere floating in the vast reaches of space, with all of our fellow 'passengers.'
Daisaku Ikeda	It is only through such real-life daily struggles and challenges that a genuine sensitivity to human rights can be inculcated. This is a truth that is not limited to school education: it applies to all of us.
Daisaku Ikeda	The gratification of desire is not happiness.
Dakota Fanning	The hardest thing is at the end you have to say bye to all these people who you have worked with for so many months. It was really sad not to see them anymore. But you have the parties that you go to and you get to see them, like the premieres and the screenings.
Dakota Fanning	It's something that's always been there for me, that I have huge blue eyes - it's been something that people have always talked about.
Dakota Fanning	ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked.
Dakota Fanning	My mom, she is the most unbelievable mom that you could ever have in your entire life and she's always with me on everything. The most I've ever been away from her is two days. I love her more than anybody could ever know.
Dakota Fanning	I think I was a Japanese schoolgirl in another life. That's how much I love Hello Kitty.
Dakota Fanning	I've been a ballerina since I was two, but I've always wanted to be an actress.
Dakota Fanning	I love the feeling I get when I'm on a set; I love reading the scripts, playing the characters, getting to be someone else.
Dakota Fanning	I think I really like psychology because my job is all about getting inside another person's mind and thoughts.
Dakota Fanning	If I see a movie on TV that I'm in, I usually will watch it for that reason: It's like I'm watching another person.
Dakota Fanning	My parents never talked to me like I was a kid. Maybe that's why I've been seen as mature.
Dakota Fanning	When I go home, I play with my baby dolls and strollers and diaper bags, and play with my sisters.
Dakota Fanning	I was always into fashion because my mom has always been interested in fashion. She majored in fashion merchandising in college, and it's always been something we have in common.
Dakota Fanning	I was being groomed to be a tennis player for sure. My grandparents and parents realised I had a natural athletic ability and if I was forced to do it, I could probably do well. But all I wanted was to play pretend.
Dakota Fanning	It was really really neat to make the movie because there were mentally challenged actors in the movie. So that was really really cool to work with them and they were always really happy, and they made everybody really happy on the set too.
Dakota Fanning	That was really cool. I got to kiss a little boy. I was 7 and he was 10, and his name is Thomas Curtis. He was the first boy I've ever kissed in my entire life and he was three years older than me.
Dakota Fanning	Acting is what I love to do. I wouldn't trade it for the world. I don't think of it as work. It's really fun for me.
Dakota Fanning	Courtney Love is really cool and funny. I would like to meet Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz. I think I could play their daughters.
Dakota Fanning	I have a weird vision of relationships because my parents have known each other since second grade, and they got married right out of college.
Dakota Fanning	I love who I am and I love my life, but if I could be someone else, I'd be Beyonce in two seconds.
Dakota Fanning	I played the young Reese Witherspoon in 'Sweet Home Alabama' when I was 7, and the boy who played the young Josh Lucas was 10.
Dakota Fanning	My favorite actresses are Cameron Diaz, Julia Roberts and Julie Andrews.
Dakota Fanning	I have always wanted to act ever since I was a little girl. I would put a blanket under my shirt and pretend that I was pregnant. Then, I would go through childbirth.
Dakota Fanning	I've been very lucky enough to do all kinds of movies. All the movies that I've done have been very different, and all the characters I've done have been very different. I feel very lucky to have been able to do the movies that I've done.
Dakota Fanning	It's just such an honor to say that I was in something by Steven Spielberg. I feel so blessed I got to meet such great people, and I got to go to a beautiful place, Vancouver, and I had a great time.
Dakota Fanning	I always talk about my characters like they're real people.
Dalai Lama	Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama	Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.
Dalai Lama	In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
Dalai Lama	This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Dalai Lama	Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Dalai Lama	Sleep is the best meditation.
Dalai Lama	Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Dalai Lama	Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Dalai Lama	The purpose of our lives is to be happy.
Dalai Lama	When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways - either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength. Thanks to the teachings of Buddha, I have been able to take this second way.
Dalai Lama	If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Dalai Lama	Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health.
Dalai Lama	It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come.
Dalai Lama	There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
Dalai Lama	I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
Dalai Lama	Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering.
Dalai Lama	We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.
Dalai Lama	All religions try to benefit people, with the same basic message of the need for love and compassion, for justice and honesty, for contentment.
Dalai Lama	With realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
Dalai Lama	A lack of transparency results in distrust and a deep sense of insecurity.
Dalai Lama	The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
Dalai Lama	My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama	Appearance is something absolute, but reality is not that way - everything is interdependent, not absolute. So that view is very helpful to maintain a peace of mind because the main destroyer of a peaceful mind is anger.
Dalai Lama	All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.
Dalai Lama	In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
Dale Carnegie	One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
Dale Carnegie	Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Dale Carnegie	When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion.
Dale Carnegie	Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie	Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Dale Carnegie	The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Dale Carnegie	Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Dale Carnegie	Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Dale Carnegie	Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Dale Carnegie	Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Dale Carnegie	If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Dale Carnegie	Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Dale Carnegie	Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.
Dale Carnegie	People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Dale Carnegie	It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
Dale Carnegie	Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
Dale Carnegie	We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
Dale Carnegie	Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Dale Carnegie	The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
Dale Carnegie	The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Dale Carnegie	Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Dale Carnegie	If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
Dale Carnegie	The ideas I stand for are not mine. I borrowed them from Socrates. I swiped them from Chesterfield. I stole them from Jesus. And I put them in a book. If you don't like their rules, whose would you use?
Dale Carnegie	The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.
Dale Carnegie	You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
Dale Dauten	Bureaucracy gives birth to itself and then expects maternity benefits.
Dale Dauten	It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.
Dale Dauten	Spend enough time around success and failure, and you learn a reverence for possibility.
Dale Dauten	Imagine choosing a job not on money or even on career advancement, but as part of a life worth living.
Dale Dauten	Job-interviewing is just a skill. Like any skill, some people have more of a predisposition for it than others.
Dale Dauten	To get promoted, company executives need to be able to see you as one of them.
Dale Dauten	There aren't too many principles of proper business conduct with which just about everybody will agree. Two come to mind: 1. Unless you're a professional athlete, don't offer co-workers encouragement by patting them on the butt, and 2. Don't burn bridges.
Dale Earnhardt	It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself.
Dale Earnhardt	Finishing races is important, but racing is more important.
Dale Earnhardt	You win some, lose some, and wreck some.
Dale Earnhardt	Second place is just the first place loser.
Dale Earnhardt	You've got to be closer to the edge than ever to win. That means sometimes you go over the edge, and I don't mean driving, either.
Dale Earnhardt	You can't let one bad moment spoil a bunch of good ones.
Dale Earnhardt	When he was young, I told Dale Jr. that hunting and racing are a lot alike. Holding that steering wheel and holding that rifle both mean you better be responsible.
Dale Earnhardt	Growing up, I've enjoyed hunting with my father.
Dale Earnhardt	Two of my favorite things are my steering wheel and my Remington rifle.
Dale Earnhardt	I've had confidence in myself all along. It was just a matter of getting the pieces back in place.
Dale Earnhardt	That strategy of racing for the top five and racing for the win is where everybody wants to be.
Dale Earnhardt	I want to be up front racing.
Dale Earnhardt	I've got to win every race.
Dale Earnhardt	The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together. We won it as a team.
Dale Earnhardt	I enjoy Saturday night racing.
Dale Earnhardt	It's just really hard to work and get better, building and planning for the future with the new Monte Carlo and keeping the race team intact and keeping them healthy.
Dale Earnhardt	I started 20 years without missing a race and ESPN started broadcasting on the air waves.
Dale Earnhardt	Richard Childress and myself have made some important innovations on our cars.
Dale Earnhardt	I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.
Dale Earnhardt	People are going to get older and young guys are going to come in and race and get more competitive.
Dale Earnhardt	That's what we're striving for, making us a contender in every race.
Dale Earnhardt	To come in and win three races already this year and maybe set a record by winning four is pretty unique. But guys like Mark Martin, Rusty Wallace and these guys are not wanting that to happen.
Dale Earnhardt	As a GM Goodwrench Service Plus dealer, I understand how good service makes a difference to our customers.
Dale Earnhardt	If we're going to run for points we need to run in the top-five every week.
Dale Earnhardt	The atmosphere seems to change once the sun goes down and the race fans get to watch a good show.
Damien Fahey	I'd love to interview Bill Clinton. I know that might be a little boring, but he's so interesting and such an amazing guy. All he's done after his presidency... he hasn't just sat around, he's been so active in so many charitable causes.
Damien Fahey	Personally, I'm not into reality shows - I can't even name a reality show that I was a really big fan of, altogether as a whole, not just from MTV. Like, if ABC has another reality show, I'm like, 'Oh God, another reality show.' But people love them. 'The Hills', 'Laguna Beach'... those do extremely well. It's just a personal preference.
Dan Abrams	Some people think I'm a total moron and I would hope most people think I'm very good at what I do.
Dan Abrams	You can be a great reporter and not be such a great talk show host.
Dan Abrams	I'm not going to let people get away with either a dishonest or inaccurate premise to what we're talking about because I think that does the viewer a disturbance.
Dan Abrams	I think by laying it out for the viewer I'm avoiding the issue of bias.
Dan Abrams	Supreme Court arguments and decisions are fascinating to a few of us and really pretty boring to most.
Dan Abrams	Certainly the O.J. Simpson case was a turning point in my career.
Dan Abrams	They can say I have an opinion about something.
Dan Abrams	I read our emails every day and I know there are people out there who think I'm awful.
Dan Abrams	But doing what I do, you will never get unanimity of people.
Dan Abrams	I think that in the end, a talk show is a very different animal.
Dan Farmer	I'm bisexual.
Dan Farmer	Napster was predicating its business model on violation of copyright.
Dan Farmer	Even if it was a difficult operation to copy a song, it only takes one person to do it. After that the spread of the song via the Internet or other means of propagation is only limited by the honesty of the users.
Dan Farmer	I can write a program that lets you break the copy protection on a music file. But I can't write a program that solders new connections onto a chip for you.
Dan Farmer	Silicon Valley is constantly saying that the government is irrelevant and powerless. But that's because most people there have never seen it get serious.
Dan Farmer	Breaking into a system or exposing its weaknesses is a good thing because truth and knowledge must win out.
Dan Farmer	People don't want to talk about death, just like they don't want to talk about computer security. Maybe I should have named my workstation Fear. People are so motivated by fear.
Dan Farmer	What is right, what is wrong, how can anyone say? I view very, very, few things as Right with a capital R.
Dan Farmer	I was fairly solitary. I didn't like structured learning. People didn't seem to be my cup of tea.
Dan Farmer	I was interested in implements of mass destruction - from an academic point of view.
Dan Farmer	If you don't want to deal with them, fine. But don't hamper other people from dealing with them.
Dan Farmer	The whole idea that what is not normal should be kept secret - that's really distasteful to me.
Dan Farmer	When I'm not supposed to do something, it becomes more attractive to me.
Dan Farmer	You have this enormous network and no one knows what's out there.
Dan Farmer	Even if the music industry simply gave away all their music people would complain that they don't have the bandwidth to download all the stuff - the problem would merely shift from availability to distribution.
Dan Gable	Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
Dan Gable	More enduringly than any other sport, wrestling teaches self-control and pride. Some have wrestled without great skill - none have wrestled without pride.
Dan Gable	The 1st period is won by the best technician. The 2nd period is won by the kid in the best shape. The 3rd period is won by the kid with the biggest heart.
Dan Gable	Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy.
Dan Gable	There's always ways of motivating yourself to higher levels. Write about it, dream about it. But after that, turn it into action. Don't just dream.
Dan Gable	A lot of my intensity in wrestling was due to my mental preparation before the matches. I got myself into a different world.
Dan Gable	The easiest thing to do in the world is pull the covers up over your head and go back to sleep.
Dan Gable	We, as a wrestling community, better remember it is more than one individual that makes a winner.
Dan Gable	My valleys are higher than most people's peaks. I stay at that level.
Dan Gable	I shoot, I score. He shoots, I score.
Dan Gable	Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.
Dan Gable	Freedom across the world is a result of many individuals working together.
Dan Gable	I never won anything by myself. I was always strong because of help that gave me extra strength to win.
Dan Gable	My mind's never gone very far away from what I wanted to accomplish.
Dan Gable	My advice to young wrestlers is that your surroundings really make a difference. You want to put yourself in good, positive surroundings.
Dan Gable	My wrestling and family go together. It's always been that way, from day one with my mom and dad, my sister, my wife, four daughters, grandsons, son-in-laws.
Dan Gable	Many of those who have paid the ultimate price for freedom have come through the wrestling ranks. We need to honor them and win this decision to have wrestling - the world's oldest sport - remain a part of the most prestigious athletic competition in the world, the Olympics.
Dan Gable	There's nothing like success.
Dan Gable	I went to college. I had a double major in biology and physical education, but my major was wrestling.
Dan Gable	I've never changed my life since I was 4 and went to the YMCA with a gym bag. I still have that philosophy. In fact, I still have that gym bag.
Dan Gable	When my wrestlers got their hands raised, I jumped for joy.
Dan Gable	Wrestlers are a little more dedicated than, and are different from, the other people, which may be strange.
Dan Gable	I've been a fanatic about working out all my life.
Dan Gable	My coaches were great. My mom and dad. My dad never missed a wrestling meet.
Dan Gable	If you're going to stay in the Olympics, you've got to be entertaining and get sponsorship.
Daniel Adair	I was a hired drummer for 3 Doors; there wasn't an opportunity for me to write.
Daniel Adair	Nickelback offered me a full-membership position. That's a great thing.
Daniel Baldwin	I've been sober now for a couple of years and I'm taking my sobriety very seriously - one day at a time and I am moving forward in my career.
Daniel Baldwin	For me, for the type of addict I am, when I start getting those swirly thoughts and stuff, and they talk about slippery places, slippery people and slippery things, you know, I need to - I needed to take my cell phone and eliminate all the phone numbers, change the phone numbers so no one I knew before could call me or reach me.
Daniel Baldwin	Homicide is the best material I've had the chance to do.
Daniel Baldwin	I believe as a born-again Christian that once you've had a chance to drink from the well, it becomes your responsibility to replenish the well.
Daniel Baldwin	I mean, it's a bit of a double-edged sword being a celebrity and being an actor as I'm sure you know. Your public laundry is constantly aired out and I thought that maybe I could do some good.
Daniel Baldwin	I'd just turned 50, weighed 285, and my doctor had read me the riot act about my health.
Daniel Baldwin	It's difficult to talk about, you know, my inadequacies, my inability to stay sober when I'm a relatively bright man and I've had a lot of great blessings and a lot of great opportunities.
Daniel Baldwin	The addict will screw you over and lie to you and do all kinds of things.
Daniel Baldwin	I don't really drink very much, although I have abused alcohol in the past.
Daniel Baldwin	If you ask me if I think I will be sober in 24 hours time I can say yes, but in two years I can't tell you. I could be dead.
Daniel Baldwin	My little son, Atticus, desperately needs his dad and I haven't been there for him... and that's sad.
Daniel Baldwin	What this does for me emotionally, psychologically and spiritually - to look in the mirror and not be ashamed - has been very important in not relapsing.
Daniel Baldwin	At the end of the spectrum when you get to that 12th step, when you have that spiritual awakening we make ourselves available to help other people.
Daniel Baldwin	I prefer to say that I am a beautiful person. But the addict is a horrible person.
Daniel Baldwin	I would never do another sitcom. It was so boring I wanted to pull my fingernails off.
Daniel Baldwin	The one thing that disturbs me about Alec is that people don't realize that he's really funny.
Daniel Baldwin	There's the person that's the addict, and then there's the person that's who you are.
Daniel Baldwin	Where I am right now I'm pretty good at. You know, I understand that there's a problem. I'm addressing it. I'm doing the work that I have to do.
Daniel Baldwin	I tell people, if you really want me to look that good, why don't you cough up about $2 million more and hire Alec or Billy? If you want me to do it, this is what you get.
Daniel Baldwin	I thought, 'My God, I'm gonna make $15,000 a week for 13 weeks.' What would I do with that kind of money? You know, I had never seen anything like that before in my life.
Daniel Ek	I was born in Sweden, and in Sweden we are known for the piracy services.
Daniel Ek	I actually bought a travel guitar, and that guitar is really cool. You can actually fold the guitar, and you can plug headphones into it, but it's acoustic, or semi-acoustic.
Daniel Ek	With Twitter and other social networking tools, you can get a lot of advice from great people. I learn more from Twitter than any survey or discussion with a big company.
Daniel Ek	Put your consumers in focus, and listen to what they're actually saying, not what they tell you.
Daniel Ek	At Spotify, we really want you to democratically win as a musician. We want you to win because your music is the best music.
Daniel Ek	I'm not an inventor. I just want to make things better.
Daniel Ek	At the end of the day, I want the music industry to be larger than what it is today.
Daniel Ek	I was deeply uncertain of who I was and who I wanted to be. I really thought I wanted to be a much cooler guy than what I was.
Daniel Ek	In general, people are comfortable sharing their music. There are two exceptions, though - Lady Gaga and Britney Spears.
Daniel Ek	People just want to have access to all of the world's music.
Daniel Ek	The main reason people want to pay for Spotify is really portability. People are saying, 'I want to have my music with me.'
Daniel Ek	With Spotify, people don't get it until they try it. Then they tell their friends.
Daniel Ek	It disturbed me that the music industry had gone down the drain, even though people were listening to more music than ever and from a greater diversity of artists.
Daniel Ek	I had two passions growing up - one was music, one was technology. I tried to play in a band for a while, but I was never talented enough to make it. And I started companies. One day came along and I decided to combine the two - and there was Spotify.
Daniel Ek	There are half a billion people that listen to music online and the vast majority are doing so illegally. But if we bring those people over to the legal side and Spotify, what is going to happen is we are going to double the music industry and that will lead to more artists creating great new music.
Daniel Ek	There are millions of people who consume music illegally every month. Just getting them into a legal service will make the music industry way bigger than it's ever been before.
Daniel Ek	This is a way for artists to communicate directly to their fans. If you think of an artist like Bruno Mars, he's using Spotify, creating playlists and listening to music through it.
Daniel Ek	In order for a service to be social, you've really got to start from the ground up. The fact that almost a third of the U.S. population have even heard of Spotify is really because they've seen it on Facebook and friends have been sharing.
Daniel Ek	Music isn't like news, where it's what happened five minutes ago or even 10 seconds ago that matters. With music, a song from the 1960s could be as relevant to someone today as the latest Ke$ha song.
Daniel Inouye	One doesn't become a soldier in a week - it takes training, study and discipline. There is no question that the finest Army in the world is found in the United States.
Daniel Inouye	I hope that the mistakes made and suffering imposed upon Japanese Americans nearly 60 years ago will not be repeated against Arab Americans whose loyalties are now being called into question.
Daniel Inouye	I represented the people of Hawaii and this nation honestly and to the best of my ability. I think I did okay.
Daniel Inouye	The President's speech suggested to me that were we to follow his leadership, we will be in Iraq not for months, but for years. I also hope I am wrong on this.
Daniel Inouye	Americanism is not a matter of skin or color.
Daniel Inouye	I am ready and prepared to work with the President, but I will not be a rubber stamp for any president.
Daniel Inouye	Mr. Gonzales' failure to respond to questions legitimately posed to him by the Senate raises grave doubts in my mind as to his fitness to serve the people of the United States as their Attorney General.
Daniel Inouye	Yes, prudently invested contributions to the Social Security fund may bring greater dividends, but those contributions would also face a greater risk. It would be like gambling. We should not gamble with the investments and the future of the citizens of this land.
Daniel Inouye	I do not personally agree with some of the positions that Mr. Gonzales has advocated, but that should come as no surprise, because I do not agree with many of the proposals made by the man who nominated him, President Bush.
Danny Danon	I understand the importance of political power, so I will use my strength and influence to convince as many people as I can within the party and outside the party that a Palestinian state is bad news for Israel.
Danny Danon	The arrival of thousands of Muslim infiltrators to Israeli territory is a clear threat to the state's Jewish identity. The refugees' place is not among us, and the initiative to transfer them to Australia is the right and just solution.
Danny Danon	Israel must take decisions that are good to Israel. We must not try to satisfy anyone else, including our closest ally, the United States of America.
Danny Danon	The dissolution of the Oslo Accords would serve as the official act validating what we already know - that this failed framework is totally irrelevant in 2013.
Danny Danon	When we see a lack of leadership coming from the White House, that's what brings leaders in Turkey to attack Israel the way they do. When we see a lack of leadership coming from the White House, that's why we see the leader of Iran... continuing to build the nuclear reactors.
Danny Danon	Abbas is on his way to becoming a professor of terrorism. After denying the Holocaust in his doctoral thesis, he now claims that Hamas is not a terrorist organization.
Danny Danon	The P.L.O., and later the Palestinian Authority, never truly accepted that Israel, as the national state and homeland of the Jewish people, was here to stay.
Danny Elfman	I think that's one of the things that has always put me in kind of an odd niche. It's that all of my understanding of orchestral music is via film, not via classical music like it's supposed to be. To me it's the same, it doesn't make any difference.
Danny Elfman	In some types of music I'm working out all the chords one bar at a time - the whole structure, because it's about that. And there are other pieces which are really about - okay, the melody is going to start here and play through to here.
Danny Elfman	I like creating these rhythmic patterns. These interlocking rhythmic things are really fun.
Danny Elfman	So, it becomes an exercise in futility if you write something that does not express the film as the director wishes. It's still their ball game. It's their show. I think any successful composer learns how to dance around the director's impulses.
Danny Elfman	I don't see myself necessarily having a burning desire to write a symphony.
Danny Elfman	I'm trying to interpret the film through the director's head, but it all comes out through me. So, a composer is kind of like a psychic medium.
Danny Elfman	In Tim's films, more than most, if you miss the tone, you don't get the film.
Danny Elfman	It sounds really stupid, I hate making cosmic comments like this but, I just let it do what it wants to do.
Danny Elfman	I can't get that live and I don't have the time to take the tape, after I've finished recording it, into a little studio somewhere else where I can get a different kind of percussion sound.
Danny Elfman	I would have to say I might do some stuff, but it's the film that's appealing. I was raised on film. My musical experience is all via film, it's not from classical music.
Danny Elfman	I'll just start laying out the melody exactly where I want it to fall. And then I'll go back and fill it out. Whereas, in other pieces I'm really just going a couple bars at a time.
Danny Elfman	I'll look back and I'd be better to answer that in about three months from now. Or when the movie comes out and I see it. I don't even know what it is yet. I've still been in the middle of it.
Danny Elfman	Oh see, first off you gotta realize - everything for me is a reconstruction or deconstruction. I would actually say deconstruction. Mission: Impossible would be the exception. That would be a reconstruction- deconstruction.
Danny Elfman	Sometimes I like them artificial and sometimes I like them real. And the reason is because sometimes I like a real close sound. And I like a very specific snare sound and I can't get that in the big room.
Danny Elfman	The first thing I do is lay out that melody and figure out how it has to hold here and then finish to land here, because you know in advance you're going to want the melody to catch four things in the action.
Danny Elfman	So I've learned in the past, if a company approaches me and they want something like this, or something like that that I've done and I turn them down, they're going to do it anyhow.
Danny Elfman	You have to nail the right tone because sometimes when you just see his films cold, you're not quite sure. It's the same in - I'm trying to think of other directors with a similar sense - David Lynch's films, Tim's films, some of Cronenberg's stuff.
Danny Elfman	Doing Tim's film is always going to be the most pleasure. Let me just put it that way. So, without drawing favorites one way or the other, getting back with him and doing Mars Attacks! was certainly a special treat.
Danny Elfman	I had to do this very aggressive, big score in a very short time, and knowing that in the beginning, middle, and end would be this very, very famous theme, but I still had to weave a score around it and make it work as a score was really challenging.
Danny Elfman	I really liked doing a number of the projects and directors, and etc., etc., I knew about half-way through that I would never be doing that again. It's just not me. I really am happy as a part-time film composer, not a full-time film composer.
Danny Elfman	I think that there's a lot more freedom in the low budget, the independent films where, unfortunately, you don't have the money, necessarily, to get the orchestras in there to play a lot of stuff. But, you have a lot more freedom, very often.
Danny Elfman	I'm looking for a feel and I have to find what that feel is before I can move on from there. I'm not necessarily catching stuff in such a simple way - I don't need to. So, I'm going for something else.
Danny Elfman	It's hard to get a film, you know, you need a very special film to be able to get that experimental. But, I would love to see that happen. I would love the opportunity to be more experimental than I am.
Danny Elfman	It's just hard. I wish the studios felt there was more value in these themes and these pieces of material - that they're worth protecting more. Because then it just wouldn't happen. If the studios cared, the stuff would be stopped in a second.
Danny Elfman	Most often the music does end up in the movie, and sometimes there's a point where I wish that it wasn't, just because I think the score would be more effective if there was less of it. But, again, that's not my call.
Dante Alighieri	Beauty awakens the soul to act.
Dante Alighieri	The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis.
Dante Alighieri	Pride, envy, avarice - these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men.
Dante Alighieri	The secret of getting things done is to act!
Dante Alighieri	From a little spark may burst a flame.
Dante Alighieri	There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery.
Dante Alighieri	A mighty flame followeth a tiny spark.
Dante Alighieri	In the middle of the journey of our life I came to myself within a dark wood where the straight way was lost.
Dante Alighieri	Remember tonight... for it is the beginning of always.
Dante Alighieri	The more perfect a thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is.
Dante Alighieri	Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Dante Alighieri	If the present world go astray, the cause is in you, in you it is to be sought.
Dante Alighieri	Be as a tower firmly set; Shakes not its top for any blast that blows.
Dante Alighieri	All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
Dante Alighieri	Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.
Dante Alighieri	You shall find out how salt is the taste of another man's bread, and how hard is the way up and down another man's stairs.
Dante Alighieri	Worldly fame is but a breath of wind that blows now this way, and now that, and changes name as it changes direction.
Dante Alighieri	I wept not, so to stone within I grew.
Dante Alighieri	Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master; thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.
Dante Alighieri	Follow your own star!
Dante Alighieri	Nature is the art of God.
Dante Alighieri	Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground.
Dante Alighieri	Will cannot be quenched against its will.
Dante Alighieri	No one thinks of how much blood it costs.
Dante Alighieri	The sad souls of those who lived without blame and without praise.
Dante Hall	I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend.
Dante Hall	The only reason we make good role models is because you guys look up to athletes and we can influence you in positive ways. But the real role models should be your parents and teachers!
Dante Hall	Treat everyone the way you would want to be treated... this can be applied to any situation.
Dante Hall	If I had the hand strength to sign autographs for everybody in Kansas City, I would... but its just impossible to get to everyone.
Dante Hall	My favorite NBA team are the houston rockets and favorite college team are the duke blue devils.
Dante Hall	There is no formula to making it to the NFL other than good fortune and and playing well in college.
Dante Hall	Anything that is unexpected is the X-factor.
Dante Hall	Every time I fumble or drop a ball I am embarrassed.
Dante Hall	I love all sports.
Dante Hall	I love my relationship with Coach Vermeil because it is one of the few genuine relationships that I have.
Dante Hall	I love to play pool.
Dante Hall	I never dislike anyone that I am in competition with. I welcome the challenge. Besides, I get along with just about everyone.
Dante Hall	On certain plays and situations I feel like I have the advantage. But sometimes I just have to not think about the size of the guy in front of me.
Dante Hall	Part of my success was having a place to play as a kid.
Dante Hall	Sports are not for everyone.
Dante Hall	My two favorite things about being a pro player are Sunday afternoons being able to excite many fans and the money because I get to treat my family and friends and myself to nice things.
Darell Hammond	Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.
Darell Hammond	Aaah, summer - that long anticipated stretch of lazy, lingering days, free of responsibility and rife with possibility. It's a time to hunt for insects, master handstands, practice swimming strokes, conquer trees, explore nooks and crannies, and make new friends.
Darell Hammond	We are raising today's children in sterile, risk-averse and highly structured environments. In so doing, we are failing to cultivate artists, pioneers and entrepreneurs, and instead cultivating a generation of children who can follow the rules in organized sports games, sit for hours in front of screens and mark bubbles on standardized tests.
Darell Hammond	Play is under attack in our nation's schools - and shrinking recess periods are only part of the problem. Homework is increasing. Cities are building new schools without playgrounds. Safety concerns are prompting bans of tag, soccer, and even running on the schoolyard.
Darell Hammond	In an era of parental paranoia, lawsuit mania and testing frenzy, we are failing to inspire our children's curiosity, creativity, and imagination. We are denying them opportunities to tinker, discover, and explore - in short, to play.
Darell Hammond	Increased physical activity during the school day can help children's attention, classroom behavior, and achievement test scores. Meanwhile, the decline of play is closely linked to ADHD; behavioral problems; and stunted social, cognitive, and creative development.
Darell Hammond	By providing our young children with opportunities for free, child-directed play, along with proper nutrition, we are setting them up for a lifetime of healthy habits, versus interventions needed later in life.
Darell Hammond	Our education system is increasingly embracing a black-and-white way of thinking, in which 'learning' and 'play' are diametrically opposed. 'Learning' is the serious stuff that happens inside a classroom and can be measured via multiple choice questions and a No. 2 pencil. 'Play' is frivolous, fun, and worst of all, optional.
Darell Hammond	As parents, we need to send our kids back to 'old-fashioned' outdoor summer camps, which have been on the decline as the demand for sports and academics-based camps has risen. We need to fight budget cuts to public parks programs and resist closures of public swimming pools and playgrounds.
Darell Hammond	During National Playground Safety Week, I'll celebrate common-sense safety. I'll also celebrate skinned knees and bruised elbows. I'll celebrate so-called 'dangerous' playgrounds - playgrounds with see-saws, zip lines and towering slides.
Darell Hammond	No child wants to fall off a jungle gym or slide. Accidents are an unfortunate fact of life, but to lower every last slide and jungle gym to a height that would only interest a toddler is doing our children a grave disservice.
Darell Hammond	During the year, our schools are busy slashing P.E. and recess to make more time for math. During the summer, we get ourselves worked into a tizzy that our children will forget their fractions.
Darell Hammond	I was raised in a group home for 14 years, so I was a beneficiary of philanthropy. I didn't have a family. The nameless, faceless strangers were my family. They gave me an education, put food on the table and clothes on my back. I am who I am because of that formative experience. Now I am paying it forward.
Darell Hammond	'Our Dream Playground' is a new online project planner designed to help you build the playground of your dreams. It's a free resource, brought to you 'KaBOOM!,' offering step-by-step instructions to help you bring play to the kids in your community.
Darell Hammond	In neighborhoods without a usable park or playground, the incidence of childhood obesity increases by 29 percent.
Darell Hammond	A cultural shift is needed to incorporate exercise into our children's daily lives.
Darell Hammond	Unstructured play gives kids the space they need to tinker and take risks - both vital for the budding entrepreneur.
Darell Hammond	We know when children have a place to play they live healthier, happier lives.
Darell Hammond	We must make sure that there is recess and P.E. class in every school, getting kids outside for 60 minutes, every day.
Darell Hammond	Given that the biggest rise in childhood obesity rates are occurring in children ages 3 to 5 years, we must modify our efforts to place an emphasis on prevention versus intervention.
Darell Hammond	As I see it, the debate between summer vacation vs. year-round school glosses over the most important questions. Namely, how can we bring play back to our nation's schools?
Darell Hammond	If there's one thing that 'No Child Left Behind' has proven, it's that more academics don't make for smarter children - or even higher test scores. And yet we somehow refuse to accept this reality.
Darell Hammond	Kids who don't play are not just at greater risk of falling behind academically, but also of becoming overweight or obese, failing to integrate socially, and even engaging in criminal activity.
Darell Hammond	Public swimming pools, recreation centers, summer reading programs, youth jobs programs - they are all shutting their doors. And they are all facilities and programs relied on most heavily by low-income children.
Darell Hammond	Toddlers need to get off the soccer field and onto the playground. Children need to get out of the gym and into neighborhood stickball games. We need to give kids room to create their own rules, set their own terms, and move their bodies in their own ways.
Darrell Hammond	I was diagnosed with everything from schizophrenia to multiple personality disorder.
Darrell Hammond	I think I wanted to write a book about the relationship between the victim and perpetrator in which the victim agrees to remain silent.
Darrell Hammond	I was never in a mental institution for a long time. I was in psych wards.
Darrell Hammond	I'm not sure how a world leader reacts to the work of a clown.
Darrell Hammond	Performing with anthrax in the building is not nearly as difficult as performing in a home where you might get stabbed at night.
Darrell Hammond	I called my mother up and I said, 'You know, I've been to the best doctors in the world and I've spent almost half a million dollars and they're telling me I have symptoms of a P.O.W. and all I did was grow up in your home.'
Darrell Hammond	When I left my parents' home when I was 19, I went to the University of Florida, and within 24 hours was in the mental health department. And within 20 minutes, I was being told by the director there that they didn't have what I needed there.
Darrell Hammond	If you're injured, it changes the way you move. If you're injured, it changes the way you talk.
Darrell Hammond	College kids, don't be taking examples from me.
Darrell Hammond	Doctors didn't know what to do with me.
Darrell Hammond	Everyone always told me that I had the symptoms of a P.O.W.
Darrell Hammond	I belong to the Democratic Party.
Darrell Hammond	I don't know if I want to be a big star though.
Darrell Hammond	I had a dad you know.
Darrell Hammond	I have to give the SNL crew props - it cannot have been easy to work with me.
Darrell Hammond	I perform in the major leagues of what I do. It's incredible.
Darrell Hammond	I'll get to make a lot of money and do some bad sitcoms.
Darrell Hammond	I'm not a doctor - so I can't describe flashbacks well - but it is like you're living it again.
Darrell Hammond	I've learned sometimes you just have to take the bad from people.
Darrell Hammond	I've seen the hell these people go through.
Darrell Hammond	If I can get a sanitized version of reality, I'll take it.
Darrell Hammond	It's tough to play the right chord on the instrument when there's someone out there who wants to kill you.
Darrell Hammond	Some of the funniest people I know are not screwed up in the head.
Darrell Hammond	The danger with running for president is sooner or later some sound bite is going hit.
Darrell Hammond	I ran into an extraordinary doctor. He got up inside my head and figured out how my brain processed things, what my core values were, what my inner dialogue was.
Darrell Issa	You can call me a pain. I'll accept that as a compliment.
Darrell Issa	Peace in Palestine is inevitable. The question is how do we make it happen today.
Darrell Issa	The debate on how to shrink the federal government is at the core of our problem of government not doing its job.
Darrell Issa	I've said my patience is not infinite.
Darrell Issa	Some people want to amass a great amount of wealth and make a great looking obituary. I'm going to die with more money than is good to leave my son.
Darrell Issa	Politics is cyclical.
Darrell Issa	Cleveland's a great place when you're a kid. You hardly ever get sunburned, without the sun shining.
Darrell Issa	I have an I.Q. of 100 plus a little bit. I have to work real hard to get things when I read.
Darrell Issa	I've always been fond of the saying that when it comes to oversight and reform, the federal government does two things well: nothing and overreact.
Darrell Issa	Every ISP is being attacked, maliciously both from in the United States and outside of the United States, by those who want to invade people's privacy. But more importantly they want to take control of computers, they want to hack them, they want to steal information.
Darrell Issa	Every portal coming into this country is being attacked by those who would harvest information, both national security secrets and just the common information of private individuals and private individuals. That crime is going on, every day, on a single entity known as the Internet.
Darrell Issa	It's very simple. If the American people care about a lot of things including corruption in government, then, in fact, if you use the power to appoint in order to do political business, to clear fields, to save your party money and so on, if it's not a crime - and I believe it is - it certainly is business as usual, politics of corruption.
Darrell Issa	Remember, America's greatness is based on creating wealth like the rest of the world has never known, and then, making sure it's shared throughout a middle class and even the underprivileged.
Darrell Issa	Everyone has a past.
Darrell Issa	Bureaucracies tend to grow and to brag about their growth based on how many individuals they have and how much money they spend.
Darrell Issa	Every one of our congressional offices, every day, is under attack.
Darrell Issa	I don't need to be looking at every failure of government, I need to be looking where failure of government needs reform.
Darrell Issa	I don't recall having a gun. I really don't. I don't think I ever pulled a gun on anyone in my life.
Darrell Issa	I was brought up in a household with sir and ma'am.
Darrell Issa	If there was a blog with five listeners or viewers, I had to be on it. Now I have to be on fewer media, but more substantive media.
Darrell Issa	My brother went on to have a long and sordid career.
Darrell Issa	My father and all my uncles on both sides served in the military in World War II and Korea.
Darrell Issa	Some people say that watching pay freezes in the government is like watching water freeze. It expands.
Darrell Issa	The American people do not want ambassadorships or any other position handed out to save a party money.
Darrell Issa	The American people have a right to except that the rule of law will guarantee that even if we don't like the policy, that it's done properly.
Daryl Gates	It was a department where you had honesty and integrity stamped right on you when you came into the Los Angeles Police Department. If you violated that, or if you were a dishonest cop, you were terrible. We got rid of you as quickly as possible.
Daryl Gates	They have the ability to take a person's freedom from them. On certain situations, they have the ability to take a person's reputation. And under certain circumstances, they have the authority to take a person's life.
Daryl Gates	No one knew what Rodney King had done beforehand to be stopped. No one realized that he was a parolee and that he was violating his parole. No one knew any of those things. All they saw was this grainy film and police officers hitting him over the head.
Daryl Gates	Our people went out every single night trying to stop crime before it happened, trying to take people off the street that they believed were involved in crime. That made us a very aggressive, proactive police department.
Daryl Gates	Casual drug users should be taken out and shot.
Daryl Gates	No police department should hire more quickly than they can assimilate the people that they bring in, and we did. I take responsibility for it. It was the first opportunity I had to hire, and I wanted to do it, and I take responsibility.
Daryl Gates	We were the finest. We were the best in the world. We were a department that people came from all over the world to study, to look at, to see how we accomplished so much with so little; and we did.
Daryl Hall	I always say the same thing - believe in what you do, do it, and don't veer away from the truth of it.
Daryl Hall	I'm in the trenches; I do the best work I can always do. Having said that, the way that what I do converges with the outside world is fascinating to me. Because it ebbs and flows. People's interest and understanding, it changes all the time.
Daryl Hall	Like all soul singers, I grew up singing in church but sometimes I would leave early and sit in the car listening to gospel band, The Blind Boys of Alabama. Hearing their lead singer Clarence made me connect the idea of church and show business and see how I could make a career singing music that stirred the soul.
Daryl Hall	I was always an introvert as a kid. Then, when I first kind of came out as a human being, I used to be one of those guys who'd go nuts on the dance floor, and people would gather around.
Daryl Hall	I have to say I have never been comfortable with somebody else telling me what to do - in any way.
Daryl Hall	If you take a bunch of superstars and put them in a room where they don't have their assistants and entourage, it's funny to see what happens.
Daryl Hall	Chronic Lyme causes arthritis, heart problems, stroke - even death.
Daryl Hall	If Paul McCartney tells me that so-and-so song is his favorite song, what do I care? What do I care what anybody else says?
Daryl Hall	If you work hard and you're good, you can build something for yourself.
Daryl Hall	Smokey Robinson is one of my heroes as a singer and songwriter; a major influence on my own music from the very start.
Daryl Hall	As a singer, I float around. I'm kind of scatty, bouncing around a lot. I try to adapt to what's going on around me in the song and the arrangement.
Daryl Hall	I never felt entitled to anything. I'm the hardest worker I know.
Daryl Hall	I think Philadelphia has been underrated over the years as a musical region.
Daryl Hall	Most artists try to avoid cliches, but it's pretty hard to avoid them if you yourself end up being one.
Daryl Hall	Nobody's going to sell 10 million records by not working hard.
Daryl Hall	Reject what you don't want. Get rid of dead wood.
Daryl Hall	The whole American pop culture started in Philadelphia with 'American Bandstand' and the music that came out of that city.
Daryl Hall	The younger generation gives me more respect than I could ever hope for.
Daryl Hall	To me, there's two kinds of music these days. There's ephemeral music, and there's music that has lasting power and depth.
Daryl Hall	I was a pioneer in MTV and I was there from the very beginning. So I saw how that developed and how loose it was and how much fun it was in its looseness. And I was influenced a lot by that.
Daryl Hall	I hear a lot of people singing in funny voices and singing like they're stupid. Singing in a deliberately fey and dumb and childish way. And I find it to be a disturbing trend.
Daryl Hall	I think an artist's true worth comes through an inter-generational thing - when you go beyond your own time, and start influencing people in a greater way than just what surrounds you.
Daryl Hall	I've always been a spontaneous singer. And all the stuff that you hear on the end of the songs, what they call the ad libs - that just comes out of my head. That's not thought out at all. I have the verses and the choruses, and then after that it's total improvisation.
Daryl Hall	If you are a superstar, or whatever you want to call yourself, a person who's had outrageous success, and you decide to go indie and tell the record companies to screw themselves? That takes a certain amount of courage. And bullheadedness, really.
Daryl Hall	Late 20th century music was a really important thing. It changed the world, and I'm part of that, and now I'm part of the museum that celebrates that.
Dashiell Hammett	With what dope I got I think it fills me in pretty well.
Dashiell Hammett	I deserve all the love you can spare me. And I want a lot more than I deserve.
Dashiell Hammett	It's sometimes better to pretend I don't hear the sound of somebody in the nearby woods with a shotgun.
Dashiell Hammett	People always say things like, Oh, well, he was suffering so much that he was better off dying. But that's not true. You're always better off living.
Dashiell Hammett	You got to look on the bright side, even if there ain't one.
Dashiell Hammett	I've been as bad an influence on American literature as anyone I can think of.
Dashiell Hammett	The roof might fall in; anything could happen.
Dashiell Hammett	Feed the lettuce to the bunny and eat the bunny.
Dashiell Hammett	I like women. I really like women.
Dashiell Hammett	Strictly speaking, there are no real substitutes for sexual satisfaction.
Dashiell Hammett	I have not killed anyone. They will not let me.
Dashiell Hammett	I don't know much about him; never heard him say more than nope or yup.
Dashiell Hammett	Another man whose social life has ruined him.
Dashiell Hammett	It's awfully easy to be in love in jail.
Dashiell Hammett	She seems to be having a pretty good time despite her worrying. That's Lily.
Dashiell Hammett	I haven't any sort of plans for the future but I reckon things will work out in some manner.
Dashiell Hammett	Looks like she's been slapping the kid again.
Dashiell Hammett	Thanks for the information about what we call business.
Dashiell Hammett	Our lawyers had their chat with the Supreme Court Justice, and promised to repast the chat to other members of the Supreme Court to find out whether they wanted to hear us out.
Dave Attell	Yeah, I know, some people are against drunk driving, and I call those people 'the cops.' But you know, sometimes, you've just got no choice; those kids gotta get to school!
Dave Attell	What's the two things they tell you are healthiest to eat? Chicken and fish. You know what you should do? Combine them, eat a penguin.
Dave Attell	Doesn't matter what you say or do; people can always find a way to call you a dick.
Dave Attell	You know, men and women are a lot alike in certain situations. Like when they're both on fire - they're exactly alike.
Dave Attell	I have an imagination because my life is so boring that my imagination lets me get off the reality of what's going on.
Dave Attell	A lot of these kids I think are more content just to be on Facebook and the computer than they are to actually go out. They just really want to get a picture to post to their buddies, and that's about it.
Dave Attell	I don't watch reality TV.
Dave Attell	I feel like soundtrack music is almost like seeing the movie again, but with my ears.
Dave Attell	My day jobs... I knew I was bad at those, so I didn't really have the confidence to think that I could do comedy. But I knew I hated the day jobs.
Dave Attell	For a long time the people at my shows were sort of the Pantera-tattoo trucker guys, really cool dudes, but I don't know what happened to them. That's the crowd that I like, the ones that don't get so offended just to be offended.
Dave Attell	I keep getting these people at my shows who only know me from television. I can always tell when they're, like, emotionally flinching when I start doing my jokes.
Dave Attell	I'm a stand-up comic. Anything else I do besides that is a plus, but stand-up comedy is what I do, it's what I've been doing and it's what I'm going to keep doing.
Dave Attell	I don't mind a crowd's not laughing; it's the groans that slow down the show.
Dave Attell	When I was a kid, I really loved Indians. Native Americans. Pardon. Me.
Dave Attell	I have no grand scheme.
Dave Attell	Being on the road is kind of lonely.
Dave Attell	I'm not a movie guy, I'm not a TV sitcom guy, but whatever seems to fit and is funny is good for me.
Dave Attell	I like writing a joke, and I like when a joke works, and I like other comics who tell jokes.
Dave Attell	I never wanted to be famous.
Dave Attell	Sometimes it's hard to tell if a joke is working or not for the first couple of minutes.
Dave Attell	I like doing stand-up and I love putting out TV specials.
Dave Attell	I don't think I'm a star or a celebrity or any thing like that.
Dave Attell	I don't watch reality TV. I'm cool.
Dave Attell	I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous.
Dave Attell	I have soundtracks for a lot of stuff.
Dave Camp	I'd hate to paint with a broad brush, but many Democrats don't feel that we have a crisis in entitlements, and Republicans do.
Dave Camp	I'm much more interested in raising revenues for businesses than for the government.
Dave Camp	Serving in Congress is the great honor of my professional life. I am deeply grateful to the people of the 4th Congressional District for placing their trust in me.
Dave Edmunds	This band has never had an argument. It's just amazing.
Dave Edmunds	And then it got even worse, I mean, a few people fell by the wayside within hours. Nick Lowe was in it for about 5 hours I think, he was expelled for going to bed.
Dave Edmunds	It was all recorded and mixed and there's more continuity in it more direction.
Dave Edmunds	And then the last album, 'Get It', was done over a shorter period of time and I started using other musicians, as opposed to playing all the instruments myself like I did on the other two.
Dave Edmunds	I never considered myself a songwriter, but now since I've been working with Nick Lowe, I am contributing to an extent. But I'm the guitarist and he's not, so we compliment each other in a way.
Dave Edmunds	It's all very boring to say that we get along great and all that and sometimes we mock up come aggravation to make it interesting but the truth of it is that we get along so well we've never had an argument.
Dave Eggers	I am a bike enthusiast; there's a certain amount of romance to bikes. They're both beautiful and utilitarian.
Dave Eggers	Through the small tall bathroom window the December yard is gray and scratchy, the tree calligraphic.
Dave Eggers	Because I grew up with this naive expectation of people doing right, I get shocked by every little violation.
Dave Eggers	I met a lot of great people in Saudi Arabia and I'd like to see them again. And I'd love to spend more time in the desert and in the mountains. I felt really at home there.
Dave Eggers	It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.
Dave Eggers	So this is the space during tutoring hours. It's very busy. Same principles: one-on-one attention, complete devotion to the students' work and a boundless optimism and sort of a possibility of creativity and ideas.
Dave Eggers	Some of these kids just don't plain know how good they are: how smart and how much they have to say. You can tell them. You can shine that light on them, one human interaction at a time.
Dave Eggers	I think I'm far too hopeful and trusting. That's something I got from my mum.
Dave Eggers	You can do and use the skills that you have. The schools need you. The teachers need you. Students and parents need you. They need your actual person: your physical personhood and your open minds and open ears and boundless compassion, sitting next to them, listening and nodding and asking questions for hours at a time.
Dave Eggers	I can remember exactly where I sat when my teacher first read Roald Dahl's 'James and the Giant Peach'.
Dave Eggers	But you know, there's something about the kids finishing their homework in a given day, working one-on-one, getting all this attention - they go home, they're finished. They don't stall, they don't do their homework in front of the TV.
Dave Eggers	I think newspapers shouldn't try to compete directly with the Web, and should do what they can do better, which may be long-form journalism and using photos and art, and making connections with large-form graphics and really enhancing the tactile experience of paper.
Dave Eggers	People are strange, but more than that, they're good. They're good first, then strange.
Dave Eggers	And what we were trying to offer every day was one-on-one attention. The goal was to have a one-to-one ratio with every one of these students.
Dave Eggers	I think almost every writer in the world would hope that books would be always talked about with respect and civility and depth and seriousness.
Dave Eggers	But Saudi Arabia is surprising in a lot of ways. Like any place, or any people, it relentlessly defies easy categorization.
Dave Eggers	I publish my own books, so there isn't a certain editor I owe the book to at a publishing house.
Dave Eggers	When I'm doing work online or on the computer, it's one thing. When I want to read, I want to go elsewhere, and I want to be away from the screen.
Dave Eggers	I think there's a future where the Web and print coexist and they each do things uniquely and complement each other, and we have what could be the ultimate and best-yet array of journalistic venues.
Dave Eggers	Also, I need deadlines, just like everybody else, especially coming from magazines, newspapers, and stuff like that. I need daily or weekly deadlines to get stuff done, or I continue to do things and not go off on a year of unproductivity.
Dave Eggers	I grew up north of Chicago, not far from where the Schwinn bicycle plant used to be, and was conscious of the fact that these beautiful, everlasting bikes were made just down the road.
Dave Eggers	The key thing is, even if you only have a couple of hours a month, those two hours shoulder-to-shoulder, next to one student, concentrated attention, shining this beam of light on their work, on their thoughts and their self-expression, is going to be absolutely transformative, because so many of the students have not had that ever before.
Dave Eggers	When I was on the bestseller list with the first book, everyone who knows me knows that every week it continued to be on the list was a very dark week for me. Everyone knows that all I wanted was to be off that list.
Dave Eggers	But there was something psychological happening there that was just a little bit different. And the other thing was, there was no stigma. Kids weren't going into the 'Center-for-Kids-That-Need-More-Help' or something like that. It was 826 Valencia.
Dave Eggers	High school teachers who want to get reluctant readers turned around need to give the students some say in the reading list. Make it collaborative: The students will feel ownership, and everyone will dig in.
Dave Gahan	'Presence of God' is really that understanding that sometimes when you step out of your own shoes and just open your ears and listen to what's going on around you, you get answers to the questions you were asking.
Dave Gahan	I still hold on to the idea that a record can really change the way I feel.
Dave Gahan	Certain songs like 'Enjoy the Silence' - to me, it always fits anywhere. There's something about that song that's really timeless, and I never get bored or feel like I have to muster something up.
Dave Gahan	I have to feel the audience. I enjoy that feeling of community. There's something sort of spiritual about it in a lot of ways. It's like we're all doing this together.
Dave Gahan	I do use texting as a great way to communicate quickly, but I don't Twitter or anything.
Dave Gahan	I go to a very visual place when I'm singing. It's very cinematic and I get this feeling of space. I love when music does that.
Dave Gahan	L.A. is always great. There's something special about L.A. And New York, for me, because it's home. There's nothing quite like walking onstage at Madison Square Garden.
Dave Gahan	Making a record with 'Depeche Mode' is not a simple process. It's quite complicated and long. We have the luxury of time. I'm not sure that's such a good thing when you're being creative.
Dave Gahan	The possibilities are endless now, with performing, getting your music online, getting your own website and getting your music out there. I think that's very cool and amazing.
David Agus	We may never understand illnesses such as cancer. In fact, we may never cure it. But an ounce of prevention is worth more than a million pounds of cure.
David Agus	Take charge of hidden, sneaky sources of chronic inflammation that can trigger illness and disease by wearing comfortable shoes daily, getting an annual flu vaccine, and asking your doctor why you're not on a statin and baby aspirin if you're over the age of forty.
David Agus	Keep the soil healthy and the bad seed won't grow.
David Agus	Much in the way Olympic athletes optimize their game by paying an enormous - borderline maniacal - amount of attention to things like diet, exercise, sleep, and of course the essential R&R, we all would do well to pay more attention to those key aspects of our lives that comprise our overall health equation.
David Agus	We are finally entering an exciting time in medicine where we have the technology to custom-tailor treatment and preventive protocols just as we'd custom-tailor a suit or designer gown to one's individual body. But it all begins with you. You have to know yourself in a manner that you've probably never done before.
David Agus	I have developed a unique way of looking at the relationship of the human body to health and disease.
David Agus	We talk about cancer as a noun, as if it's a one time event: 'I've got cancer.'
David Agus	Cancer is the ultimate nemesis that hangs in the balance for one in three women and one in two men in their lifetime.
David Agus	We all need to figure out what's right for us because nothing about life is one size fits all. Even for an Olympian, that's for sure. And such discovery starts with you paying attention - to yourself.
David Agus	I believe we can prevent or delay most disease until the 9th or 10th decade. The goal is to prevent anything that can affect your quality of life prior to those years! By the time many of us get to the 9th or 10th decade, who knows where the new medical and science will take us? I am an optimist!
David Agus	I'm a big believer in what's called personalized medicine, which refers to customizing your health care to your specific needs based on your physiology, genetics, value system and unique conditions.
David Agus	There's no question that the mind-body connection is real, even if we can't quantify it. Hope is one of the greatest weapons we have to fight disease.
David Agus	We have forgotten that curing cancer starts with preventing cancer in the first place.
David Agus	When's the last time you really thought about what you eat, how much you move throughout the day, whether or not you feel fantastic when you get up in the morning, and which shoes keep your feet comfortable?
David Agus	I want doctors to treat toward health and not treat toward disease.
David Agus	In health care today, we spend most of the dollars - in terms of treating disease - in the last two years of a person's life.
David Agus	Keep a strict, predictable schedule 365 days a year that has you eating, sleeping, and exercising at about the same times day in and day out.
David Agus	Of all the things a body loves, predictability is one of them.
David Agus	If your DNA profile puts you at a higher risk of developing obesity, that doesn't mean it's your fate. You can take control of the environmental side of the equation and reduce your overall lifetime risk by a lot.
David Bailey	It takes a lot of imagination to be a good photographer. You need less imagination to be a painter because you can invent things. But in photography everything is so ordinary; it takes a lot of looking before you learn to see the extraordinary.
David Bailey	The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
David Bailey	To get rich, you have to be making money while you're asleep.
David Bailey	A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me.
David Bailey	Being handsome wasn't much of a burden. It worked for me.
David Bailey	If you're curious, London's an amazing place.
David Bailey	Anybody can be a great photographer if they zoom in enough on what they love.
David Bailey	The skull is nature's sculpture.
David Bailey	The first half of the 20th century belongs to Picasso, and the second half is about photography. They said digital would kill photography because everyone can do it, but they said that about the box brownie in 1885 when it came out. It makes photography interesting because everyone thinks they can take a picture.
David Bailey	It's not about composition. It's the way you feel about how your objects should relate to each other. I've got lots of African statues and things, and the cleaner arranges them like soldiers, which drives me mad. So I have to rearrange them, and I must drive her mad, because I'm doing anarchy and she's doing military manoeuvres.
David Bailey	I never tried to revolutionise photography; I just do what I do and keep my fingers crossed that people will like it.
David Bailey	All I could do at school was paint and draw and that was the only time I ever passed any exam. It was the only thing I ever got right at school.
David Bailey	I always go for simplicity.
David Bailey	I don't think global warming is to do with us, I think it's a natural circle. I don't think a few Ferraris make that much difference.
David Bailey	I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men.
David Bailey	Girls are more attractive to me than dresses.
David Bailey	I hate being so nostalgic about the Sixties.
David Bailey	You can't really copy what I do because I don't do anything.
David Bailey	I didn't try and do fashion pictures. I tried to do portraits of girls wearing dresses.
David Bailey	Being trendy is dangerous. I've never been trendy, which is why I've never really fallen out of favour.
David Bailey	I don't think my work does reflect my nationality - I don't like the idea of nationalism.
David Bailey	Rockers are the nicest people to photograph. They have no inhibitions.
David Bailey	Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.
David Bailey	The trouble with people like Tony Blair is they get confused, they think intelligence is education when they're two different things.
David Bailey	London changes because of money. It's real estate. If they can build some offices or expensive apartments they will, it's money that changes everything in a city.
David Baker	It is rare that even a jazz musician finds an individual voice.
David Baker	I think we always move from imitation to assimilation to innovation, but I can't name you 20 people outside those we've already recognized who ever got to point three: innovation.
David Baker	What that book does for me is give me the tools in the same way that I had the tools when I learned the regular scales or the alphabet. If you give me the tools, the syntax, and the grammar, it still doesn't tell me how to write Ulysses.
David Baker	I believe without exception that theory follows practice. Whenever there is a conflict between theory and practice, theory is wrong. As far as I'm concerned, we make theories for what people have done.
David Baker	No one bill will cure the problem of spam. It will take a combined effort of legislation, litigation, enforcement, customer education, and technology solutions.
David Baker	In retrospect I realize that the threat was about ego rather than the validity of the music.
David Baker	The Palestinian Authority refuses on an ongoing basis to take the necessary steps to prevent terrorists from getting into Israel.
David Baker	When I look back now, it must have been like Paris was at the time of Le Sacre du Printemps.
David Baker	I think we all realized that we had really been replicating things that had already been happening. I don't know if we were smart enough to realize that we were in a cul-de-sac, but we were curious.
David Baker	That is, the only reason salvation is necessary is to get us back to the garden. The Pentateuch not only presents where we began but also why we are not there any more, and why and how we need to get back.
David Baldacci	As a lawyer, as a private citizen, you see a lot of injustice. You see a lot of people who should have been punished and are not, and people who were punished wrongfully are not vindicated. Fiction is sort of a way to set the record straight, and let people at least believe that justice can be achieved and the right outcomes can occur.
David Baldacci	Why waste time trying to discover the truth, when you can so easily create it?
David Baldacci	People who have expertise just love to share it. That's human nature.
David Baldacci	Most people associate reading with laying on the beach. They don't see that it's crucial for a democracy!
David Baldacci	Fiction is sort of a way to set the record straight, and let people at least believe that justice can be achieved and the right outcomes can occur.
David Baldacci	I'm tired of people screaming about price and forgetting about the content.
David Baldacci	I'm scattered, and then that last hundred pages, bam, I'm a laser.
David Baldacci	I'm ever curious about the world. I'm driven to go out and find new things to write about. Having a vivid imagination is also a plus.
David Baldacci	But protagonists are protagonists and heroes are heroes.
David Baldacci	I'd read a lot of thrillers about politicians and presidents, but never one where you flip the stereotypes and make good people bad and bad people good.
David Baldacci	The military is a very cool world to write about. I went down to Ft. Benning, Ga., for military training, and I learned a lot about soldiers and officers and why they joined up and what their life has been like.
David Baldacci	I'm driven to go out and find new things to write about.
David Baldacci	People have given me classified information, but always with the disclaimer 'This can never end up in a book.' And it never does.
David Baldacci	But if I worried too much about publishers' expectations, I'd probably paralyze myself and not be able to write anything.
David Baldacci	I'm a wicked ping-pong player.
David Baldacci	In every thriller written about Washington, particularly after 9/11, there are good guys and there are bad guys, and there's no gray area at all.
David Baldacci	Some people take 10 years to write a book and some can do one in under a year.
David Baldacci	I look for material that both interest me and challenges me. If I am drawn to the material and I have to work hard at it, the characters and the plots reflect the hours and hours of research.
David Baltimore	There is actually a fair amount of money being put behind science today.
David Baltimore	I think we can allow the therapeutic uses of nuclear transplant technology, which we call cloning, without running the danger of actually having live human beings born.
David Baltimore	I think they are looking for publicity and they are looking for a name for themselves.
David Baltimore	When are we going to say cancer is cured? I'm not sure when that will happen, if that will happen because cancer is a very slippery disease and it involves a vast number of cells in the body and those cells are continually mutating.
David Baltimore	What does gene A do? What does gene B do? What does it do in different contexts? What's its importance? We know the answer to that for a very small number of genes, the ones that made themselves evident many years ago.
David Baltimore	The argument has been made in Congress that it is slippery slope if you allow therapeutic, what people people are calling therapeutic cloning, then you will get reproductive cloning.
David Baltimore	When we talk about stem cells, we are actually talking about a complicated series of things, including adult stem cells which are largely cells devoted to replacing individual tissues like blood elements or liver or even the brain.
David Baltimore	There are lots of other issues in policy including the stem cell issue.
David Ben-Gurion	In Israel, in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles.
David Ben-Gurion	Suffering makes a people greater, and we have suffered much. We had a message to give the world, but we were overwhelmed, and the message was cut off in the middle. In time there will be millions of us - becoming stronger and stronger - and we will complete the message.
David Ben-Gurion	Ours is a country built more on people than on territory. The Jews will come from everywhere: from France, from Russia, from America, from Yemen... Their faith is their passport.
David Ben-Gurion	If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert.
David Ben-Gurion	Thought is a strenuous art - few practice it, and then only at rare times.
David Ben-Gurion	Anyone who doesn't believe in miracles is not a realist.
David Ben-Gurion	Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
David Ben-Gurion	The great Jewish scientists and philosophers of the last few generations - Spinoza, Einstein, Freud, Robert Oppenheimer and others - were natives of Europe and America.
David Ben-Gurion	There are eleven million Jews in the world. I don't say that all of them will come here, but I expect several million, and with natural increase I can quite imagine a Jewish state of ten million.
David Ben-Gurion	Without moral and intellectual independence, there is no anchor for national independence.
David Ben-Gurion	Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
David Ben-Gurion	Anyone who believes you can't change history has never tried to write his memoirs.
David Ben-Gurion	Israel has created a new image of the Jew in the world - the image of a working and an intellectual people, of a people that can fight with heroism.
David Brinkley	A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
David Brinkley	Being an anchor is not just a matter of sitting in front of a camera and looking pretty.
David Brinkley	The one function that TV news performs very well is that when there is no news we give it to you with the same emphasis as if it were.
David Brinkley	People have the illusion that all over the world, all the time, all kinds of fantastic things are happening. When in fact, over most of the world, most of the time, nothing is happening.
David Brinkley	Washington, D.C. is a city filled with people who believe they are important.
David Brinkley	Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians.
David Brinkley	This is the first convention of the space age - where a candidate can promise the moon and mean it.
David Brinkley	I'm not a very good advertisement for the American school system.
David Brinkley	The only way to do news on television is not to be terrified of it.
David Call	Movies are such an integral part of American culture. We're so spread out in this country, and movies offer us a chance to come together and have a communal experience.
David Call	As a complete product of Issaquah public schools, there is absolutely no way I would be here if I didn't have well-funded arts programs and some great teachers who were constantly pushing me intellectually and personally.
David Cameron	Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
David Cameron	We have the character of an island nation: independent, forthright, passionate in defence of our sovereignty. We can no more change this British sensibility than we can drain the English Channel. And because of this sensibility, we come to the European Union with a frame of mind that is more practical than emotional.
David Cameron	Because with courage and conviction I believe we can deliver a more flexible, adaptable and open European Union in which the interests and ambitions of all its members can be met.
David Cameron	Christmas gives us the opportunity to pause and reflect on the important things around us - a time when we can look back on the year that has passed and prepare for the year ahead.
David Cameron	After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.
David Cameron	Today, hundreds of millions dwell in freedom, from the Baltic to the Adriatic, from the Western Approaches to the Aegean. And while we must never take this for granted, the first purpose of the European Union - to secure peace - has been achieved and we should pay tribute to all those in the EU, alongside Nato, who made that happen.
David Cameron	The political system is broken, the economy is broken and so is society. That is why people are so depressed about the state of our country.
David Cameron	Britain is characterized not just by its independence but, above all, by its openness.
David Cameron	Our participation in the single market, and our ability to help set its rules is the principal reason for our membership of the EU. So it is a vital interest for us to protect the integrity and fairness of the single market for all its members.
David Cameron	I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
David Cameron	If we are going to try to get across to the poorest people in the world that we care about their plight and we want them to join one world with the rest of us, we have got to make promises and keep promises.
David Cameron	The EU must be able to act with the speed and flexibility of a network, not the cumbersome rigidity of a bloc. We must not be weighed down by an insistence on a one size fits all approach which implies that all countries want the same level of integration. The fact is that they don't and we shouldn't assert that they do.
David Cameron	I don't want to be Prime Minister of England, I want to be Prime Minister of the whole of the United Kingdom.
David Cameron	Let me completely condemn these sickening scenes; scenes of looting, scenes of vandalism, scenes of thieving, scenes of people attacking police, of people even attacking firefighters. This is criminality pure and simple and it has to be confronted.
David Cameron	There is a growing frustration that the EU is seen as something that is done to people rather than acting on their behalf. And this is being intensified by the very solutions required to resolve the economic problems.
David Cameron	Taken as a whole, Europe's share of world output is projected to fall by almost a third in the next two decades. This is the competitiveness challenge - and much of our weakness in meeting it is self-inflicted. Complex rules restricting our labour markets are not some naturally occurring phenomenon.
David Cameron	I know the British people and they are not passengers - they are drivers.
David Cameron	At a time when we're having to take such difficult decisions about how to cut back without damaging the things that matter the most, we should strain every sinew to cut error, waste and fraud.
David Cameron	I mean, I'm a conservative. I believe that, you know, if you borrow too much, you just build up debts for your children to pay off. You put pressure on interest rates. You put at risk your economy. That's the case in Britain. We're not a reserve currency, so we need to get on and deal with this issue.
David Cameron	But we will say something else. That for far too long in this country, people who can work, people who are able to work, and people who choose not to work: you cannot go on claiming welfare like you are now.
David Cameron	What we're putting forward is the most radical reform of the welfare state... for 60 years. I think it will have a transformative effect in making sure that everyone is better off in work and better off working rather than on benefits.
David Cameron	When you're taking the country through difficult times and difficult decisions you've got to take the country with you. That means permanently trying to make the argument that what you're doing is fair and seen to be fair.
David Cameron	You will feel the full force of the law and if you are old enough to commit these crimes you are old enough to face the punishments. And to these people I would say this: you are not only wrecking the lives of others, you are potentially wrecking your own life too.
David Cameron	We believe in a flexible union of free member states who share treaties and institutions and pursue together the ideal of co-operation, to represent and promote the values of European civilisation in the world, advance our shared interests by using our collective power to open markets, and to build a strong economic base across the whole of Europe.
David Cameron	There's another way we are getting behind business - by sorting out the banks. Taxpayers bailed you out. Now it's time for you to repay the favour and start lending to Britain's small businesses.
David Campbell	Discipline is remembering what you want.
David Campbell	It has a really timeless feel.
David Campbell	That's the dirty little secret of Mormon growth. Lots of baptisms don't necessarily translate into long-term membership.
David Canary	To be able to make a good living in a challenging medium like soap operas is great. The best is that I get to act and am rewarded for it. And the people I work with are great. Funny, intelligent, hard working. They're all great to be around.
David Canary	I'm a Beethoven freak. I listen to him all the time.
David Canary	There's a great deal of child left in me and acting is fun. It's a make believe thing.
David Canary	It's fun playing two roles. The roles provide a wonderful range of emotions. Stuart is childlike and sensitive. Adam is ruthless, outrageous. He's flamboyant. He does the unexpected.
David Eagleman	A typical neuron makes about ten thousand connections to neighboring neurons. Given the billions of neurons, this means there are as many connections in a single cubic centimeter of brain tissue as there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
David Eagleman	I'm using the afterlife as a backdrop against which to explore the joys and complexities of being human - it turns out that it's a great lens with which to understand what matters to us.
David Eagleman	My lab and academic work fill my day from about 9 am to 7 p.m. Then I zoom out the lens to work on my other writing.
David Eagleman	Your brain is built of cells called neurons and glia - hundreds of billions of them. Each one of these cells is as complicated as a city.
David Eagleman	I think what a life in science really teaches you is the vastness of our ignorance.
David Eagleman	Neuroscience over the next 50 years is going to introduce things that are mind-blowing.
David Eagleman	Every week I get letters from people worldwide who feel that the possibilian point of view represents their understanding better than either religion or neo-atheism.
David Eagleman	People wouldn't even go into science unless there was something much bigger to be discovered, something that is transcendent.
David Eagleman	There are always wonderful mysteries to confront.
David Eagleman	What we find is that our brains have colossal things happening in them all the time.
David Eagleman	As an undergraduate I majored in British and American literature at Rice University.
David Eagleman	My dream is to reform the legal system over the next 20 years.
David Eagleman	We don't really understand most of what's happening in the cosmos. Is there any afterlife? Who knows.
David Eagleman	The three-pound organ in your skull - with its pink consistency of Jell-o - is an alien kind of computational material. It is composed of miniaturized, self-configuring parts, and it vastly outstrips anything we've dreamt of building.
David Eagleman	What has always surprised me when I walk into a bookstore is the number of books that you can find that are written with certainty. The authors tell some story as though it's true, but they don't have any evidence that it is true!
David Eagleman	I spent my adult life as a scientist, and science is, essentially, the most successful approach we have to try and understand the vast mysteries around.
David Eagleman	I always bounce my legs when I'm sitting.
David Eagleman	I think the first decade of this century is going to be remembered as a time of extremism.
David Eagleman	Part of the scientific temperament is this tolerance for holding multiple hypotheses in mind at the same time.
David Eagleman	There are an infinite number of boring things to do in science.
David Eagleman	I know one lab that studies nicotine receptors and all the scientists are smokers, and another lab that studies impulse control and they're all overweight.
David Eagleman	The same stimuli in the world can be inducing very different experiences internally and it's probably based on a single change in a gene. What I am doing is pulling the gene forward and imaging and doing behavioural tests to understand what that difference is and how reality can be constructed so differently.
David Eddings	If the general opinion is pessimistic, fantasy is going to hold its own.
David Eddings	Call it my little gesture toward social conscience, but I like to think I'm teaching a certain number of people to read. Now that sounds pretentious!
David Eddings	Reed College required a thesis for a Bachelor's degree. Normally a Bachelor's is sort of like being stamped 'Prime US Beef.' They just walk you through, hand out the diplomas and you fill in your name later on.
David Eddings	I hesitate to predict whether this theory is true. But if the general opinion of Mankind is optimistic then we're in for a period of extreme popularity for science fiction.
David Eddings	The unfortunate thing about working for yourself is that you have the worst boss in the world. I work every day of the year except at Christmas, when I work a half day.
David Eddings	I have a slightly bad back, which has made an enormous contribution to American literature.
David Eddings	I have an unconscious burglar living in my mind: If I read something, it's mine.
David Eddings	I wrote a novel for my degree, and I'm very happy I didn't submit that to a publisher. I sympathize with my professors who had to read it.
David Eddings	I'm a storyteller, not a prophet. I'm just interested in a good story.
David Eddings	I'm never going to be in danger of getting the Nobel Prize for literature.
David Eddings	I can read Middle English stories, Geoffrey Chaucer or Sir Thomas Malory, but once I start moving in the direction of contemporary fantasy, my mind begins to take over.
David Eddings	I've fallen back on this periodically, although I must say that getting out of the grocery business ranked right up there with getting out of the army as one of the happier experiences of my life.
David Eddings	I taught in a small teacher's college for three or four years, at which point all the administrators got a pay raise and the teaching faculty didn't.
David Eddings	This is terrible, when a writer is bored by his own work, but it was a real bomb and had reached the point where I couldn't even stand to look at it any more.
David Eddings	I get up at an unholy hour in the morning my work day is completed by the time the sun rises. I have a slightly bad back which has made an enormous contribution to American literature.
David Eddings	All social workers want is to get everyone involved in a programme. Because a programme provides full employment for three generations of social workers. And they mess up.
David Eddings	I have an unconscious burglar living in my mind: If I read something, it's mine. I can read Middle English stories, Geoffrey Chaucer or Sir Thomas Malory, but once I start moving in the direction of contemporary fantasy, my mind begins to take over.
David Eddings	When they ran out of cadre men they gave me my very own platoon and said, 'Here are 63 men, try to keep as many of them alive as you possibly can.' That was one of the more harrowing experiences of my life.
David Edwards	You play a 'lowdown dirty shame slow and lonesome, my mama dead, my papa across the sea I ain't dead but I'm just supposed to be' blues. You can take that same blues, make it uptempo, a shuffle blues, that's what rock n' roll did with it. So blues ain't going nowhere. Ain't goin' nowhere.
David Edwards	The delta blues is a low-down, dirty shame blues. It's a sad, big wide sound, something to make you think about people who are dead or the women who left you.
David Edwards	I used to play too with a boy who played a saxophone. We didn't play no blues, we'd play a lot of love songs - 'Stardust', 'Blue Moon', 'Out Cold Again', 'Sophisticated Lady', 'Stars Fell On Alabama', a lot of different stuff.
David Edwards	I don't care how famous a guitarist is, he ain't learned everything. There's always somewhere to go, something to mash up, but he ain't found it yet. You never learn everything on that guitar neck.
David Edwards	You could play the blues like it was a lonesome thing - it was a feeling. The blues is nothing but a story... The verses which are sung in the blues is a true story, what people are doing... what they all went through. It's not just a song, see?
David Edwards	The turnaround is when you have a solo in betwixt the verses. You stoppin' to have a solo.
David Edwards	I was 22 years old when I met Robert Johnson. I was there the night he was poisoned.
David Edwards	You don't have to play a whole lot of guitar to be a good blues player. Some people plays too much guitar. Stack it on top of each other the way it don't - you're working too fast. Blues not supposed to be played fast. Blues supposed to be played slow. You could kill a man with just one chord.
David Edwards	I watched my daddy play that guitar, and whenever I could, I would pick it up and strum on it.
David Edwards	The blues is nothing but a story... The verses which are sung in the blues is a true story, what people are doing... what they all went through. It's not just a song, see?
David Edwards	Blues ain't never going anywhere. It can get slow, but it ain't going nowhere.
David Edwards	I drive every day. I like to gamble.
David Edwards	I knew BB King when he first started out.
David Edwards	I left home when I was 17 with Joe Williams.
David Edwards	I seen a lot of changes. You got to make changes. I even make changes in my blues.
David Edwards	I should have been dead 50, 60 years ago. God just wasn't ready for me. Because I used to raise hell and drink. I've had my fun!
David Edwards	I used to be a drinker but I found out how bad it was and I let it alone.
David Edwards	My father had slowed down playing a little... I was 'round 10 or 12 years old. Every time he put his guitar down, I pick it up.
David Edwards	When I started to recording, I gave the name of Honeyboy, but my people only knew me by Honey.
David Edwards	When I was young, I was everywhere.
David Edwards	I didn't come out until 5 or 6 o'clock in the evening. Sleep all day, sleep and cook and eat, stay in the house. That sun is hot, anyway. It ain't right out there.
David Edwards	I ain't learn everything yet at 95. But I got good fingers, that's one thing, I got good fingers. If it weren't for them fingers I wouldn't be going now.
David Edwards	I played with so many musicians and some of the musicians would have something I want. I steal a lot of them, and I mash it up, I mash it up into my chords.
David Edwards	When I was running 'round in America, about 30 years old, I didn't want no woman. I knowed I could make enough money to take care of myself, but I didn't want nobody to take care of.
David Edwards	I'd probably sit around the house and get lonesome if I didn't have something to do.
David Einhorn	Microsoft has one more shot at a role in smart phone software through its deployment on Nokia phones. Nokia is still the global market share leader in cell phones. Maybe it will work out, but this is hard to envision great success in the area coming on the heels of so much disappointment in missed opportunity in this important and visible category.
David Einhorn	Both poker and investing are games of incomplete information. You have a certain set of facts and you are looking for situations where you have an edge, whether the edge is psychological or statistical.
David Einhorn	My goal is to get home every day in time for dinner with the family - and then we play with the kids for a while, and then I go to bed around the time they do and sleep from nine to three or nine to four. It's the same six hours everyone else gets. I'd just rather do my e-mails and my reading in the morning rather than late at night, that's all.
David Einhorn	My father and grandfather were businessmen. The family business was Adelphi Paints in New Jersey. When the first energy crisis came in the early 1970s, the business suffered.
David Einhorn	On my best days, I fancy myself a combination of Dad's persistence/patience and Mom's toughness/skepticism.
David Einhorn	During my freshman year at Cornell, I joined my dorm's intramural football team. At the first practice, upper classmen pointed out I was tall, so I should try playing QB. Well half an hour later, it was abundantly clear that I should not be the QB.
David Einhorn	I rooted for the Milwaukee Brewers and its stars, Robin Yount and Paul Molitor. I went to a lot of games, including the World Series in 1982. The Brewers may have been a bad team for most of my life, but to have your team at its peak when you are thirteen years old is an experience I wish for every fan.
David Einhorn	Microsoft could help Facebook with one of the biggest challenges, namely monetizing its traffic without reducing the user's experience. It's obvious that Microsoft needs traffic and Facebook needs search.
David Einhorn	I've got a fantasy-baseball team with my brother. But I have to admit, he does all the work.
David Einhorn	There's more at risk in what happens in Microsoft than I could ever bet on a poker table.
David Einhorn	Texas hold 'em is all about folding and waiting for that time that comes up every hour or two where you actually have an advantage and you can press it.
David Einhorn	I spent most of high school working on the debate team, probably at some expense to my grades. Being a member of the team was great training in critical analysis, organization, and logic.
David Eisenhower	Granddad offered me one hundred dollars if I would cut my mop of curly hair into a neat military style. Just before the wedding, I got a light trim. It wasn't enough for Granddad, and he didn't pay.
David Eisenhower	The future will use and dispose of the memories of people that we knew as history sees fit.
David Eisenhower	I think the power of a grandchild is it taps an instinct that people later in life also have towards... the world of nonprofits or charities. They want to leave a better place.
David Elkind	Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice.
David Elkind	We now recognize that abuse and neglect may be as frequent in nuclear families as love, protection, and commitment are in nonnuclear families.
David Gallagher	I wish I could go to the school where my close friends go, but I obviously can't. The good thing is, they're really good about inviting me to all the football games and all that stuff. So I end up having an adopted team spirit for a school I don't go to.
David Gallagher	Bad guys have more fun.
David Gallagher	A bad guy always assumes he's going to win, whereas the good guy has to struggle with, what if I lose?, and the audience wants to struggle with him.
David Gallagher	I'm a huge fan of anything touched by the Neptunes.
David Gallagher	I can't wait for my little sisters to start dating, because it will really be fun to pick on their boyfriends.
David Gallagher	Not that being so mature is a bad thing, but there are times to be mature and there are times to be loose.
David Gallagher	I'm more into beats than rhymes. I'm a huge fan of anything touched by the Neptunes. Dancing is kind of my thing. I go out with my friends as often as I can on the weekends, and I'm always drawn to girls with rhythm.
David Gallagher	Dancing is kind of my thing.
David Gallagher	Dancing is kind of my thing. I go out with my friends as often as I can on the weekends, and I'm always drawn to girls with rhythm.
David Gallagher	I go out with my friends as often as I can on the weekends, and I'm always drawn to girls with rhythm.
David Gallagher	I look to challenge myself with a character that's not like myself or anything I've done before, but I certainly don't reject roles based on how often I've done them.
David Gallagher	I'd like to be that chameleon. That's really ultimately what I want to hear from people eventually: 'I really love when I see him in stuff, but I never know he's gonna be here.' I want to be that actor that surprises you when you see him in a project, and you go, 'Yes! I love that guy. He's in this? Awesome.'
David Garrick	Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves.
David Garrick	Let others hail the rising sun: I bow to that whose course is run.
David Garrick	Heaven sends us good meat, but the Devil sends cooks.
David Garrick	You are indebted to you imagination for three-fourths of your importance.
David Garrick	The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
David Garrick	Wonders will never cease.
David Hackworth	Fighting terrorism is not unlike fighting a deadly cancer. It can't be treated just where it's visible - every diseased cell in the body must be destroyed.
David Hackworth	If a policy is wrongheaded, feckless and corrupt, I take it personally and consider it a moral obligation to sound off and not shut up until it's fixed.
David Hackworth	It's human nature to start taking things for granted again when danger isn't banging loudly on the door.
David Hackworth	Their plan is to return the entire world - not just the Middle East - to the days of the caliphate and either convert all of us so-called infidels into born-again Islamic believers or kill us.
David Hackworth	Our fumbling government's response since Beirut - during both Republican and Democratic administrations - has been to cut and run, or to flat ignore this growing threat, apparently hoping it would go away.
David Hackworth	We citizens don't need to know every detail of every military operation in this new kind of war. Nor should the media tell us and hence our enemy.
David Hackworth	In order to drill into young men the need to stay alert and stay alive, I used to punish offenders with my fists, boots and rifle butt, and with stockade time.
David Hackworth	Fortunately, it's still not too late to develop a comprehensive global strategy to eliminate our real enemy.
David Hackworth	Modern American war is as easy to script as a B movie.
David Hackworth	Grunts on the line, where the enemy wants them dead, still goof off - even knowing that by letting their guard down they might die.
David Hackworth	Writing with you is the only thing that keeps me alive.
David Hackworth	That's because international Islamic religious fanatics have the same goal as the Axis fascists - the destruction of our way of life.
David Hackworth	The old saying that war is a racket has taken on an even more shameful meaning.
David Hackworth	Because our homeland and very survival are once more at stake, the American people can't afford to treat this new war against terrorism like they did Vietnam.
David Hackworth	War is the ultimate reality-based horror show.
David Hackworth	Our generals talk a good game about taking care of their grunts, and the majority of our Beltway politicians bay with moralistic fervor about how they, too, support the troops.
David Hackworth	Of course, it's imperative that we stabilize Iraq and quickly reduce our armed role there.
David Hackworth	That's what supporting the troops is really all about - making sure American grunts get the right stuff!
David Hackworth	Terrorism, too, must be excised wherever it exists, which will take years, and which can't happen without the total commitment and the everyday involvement of the American people.
David Halberstam	Memory is often less about the truth than about what we want it to be.
David Halberstam	If you're a reporter, the easiest thing in the world is to get a story. The hardest thing is to verify. The old sins were about getting something wrong, that was a cardinal sin. The new sin is to be boring.
David Halberstam	No publisher in America improved a paper so quickly on so grand a scale, took a paper that was marginal in qualities and brought it to excellence as Otis Chandler did.
David Halberstam	Nixon, who spent much of his career attacking the press and saying he was a victim of the press, was in fact created by the press, in this case the L.A. Times.
David Halberstam	With the marketing pressures driving the book world today, it's much easier to get the author of a memoir on a television show than a serious novelist.
David Hockney	The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
David Hockney	Listening is a positive act: you have to put yourself out to do it.
David Hockney	The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
David Hockney	Enjoyment of the landscape is a thrill.
David Hockney	Smoking calms me down. It's enjoyable. I don't want politicians deciding what is exciting in my life.
David Hockney	Drawing makes you see things clearer, and clearer and clearer still, until your eyes ache.
David Hockney	Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
David Hockney	I'm a very early riser, and I don't like to miss that beautiful early morning light.
David Hockney	You must plan to be spontaneous.
David Hockney	I'm fed up with being bossed around.
David Hockney	When you stop doing something, it doesn't mean you are rejecting the previous work. That's the mistake; it's not rejecting it, it's saying, 'I have exploited it enough now and I wish to take a look at another corner.'
David Hockney	Cubism was an attack on the perspective that had been known and used for 500 years. It was the first big, big change. It confused people: they said, 'Things don't look like that!'
David Hockney	Drawing is rather like playing chess: your mind races ahead of the moves that you eventually make.
David Hockney	Shadows sometimes people don't see shadows. The Chinese of course never paint them in pictures, oriental art never deals with shadow. But I noticed these shadows and I knew it meant it was sunny.
David Hockney	Always live in the ugliest house on the street - then you don't have to look at it.
David Hockney	What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
David Hockney	There are enough no smoking places now.
David Hockney	I actually think the deafness makes you see clearer. If you can't hear, you somehow see.
David Hockney	Anything simple always interests me.
David Hockney	It is very good advice to believe only what an artist does, rather than what he says about his work.
David Hockney	Laugh a lot. It clears the lungs.
David Hockney	When you are older, you realise that everything else is just nothing compared to painting and drawing.
David Hockney	On the iPhone I tended to draw with my thumb. Whereas the moment I got to the iPad, I found myself using every finger.
David Hockney	It's time to debate images, especially when someone's going to prison for downloading them.
David Hockney	As you get older, it gets a bit harder to keep the spontaneity in you, but I work at it.
David Icke	The human race is a herd. Here we are, unique, eternal aspects of consciousness with an infinity of potential, and we have allowed ourselves to become an unthinking, unquestioning blob of conformity and uniformity. A herd. Once we concede to the herd mentality, we can be controlled and directed by a tiny few. And we are.
David Icke	When you look in the mirror, what do you see? Do you see the real you, or what you have been conditioned to believe is you? The two are so, so different. One is an infinite consciousness capable of being and creating whatever it chooses, the other is an illusion imprisoned by its own perceived and programmed limitations.
David Icke	The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
David Icke	The Christian Bible is a symbolic book, not a literal one. The one Christians know as Jesus was actually a symbol for the sun. Ancient sun worshippers believed the sun died at the end of the winter solstice and then three days later it would be reborn at the start of its cycle - December 25.
David Icke	Humanity is actually under the control of dinosaur-like alien reptiles called the Babylon Brotherhood who must consume human blood to maintain their human appearance.
David Icke	Humanity is mind-controlled and only slightly more conscious than your average zombie.
David Icke	Infinite love is the only truth. Everything else is illusion.
David Icke	And why do we, who say we oppose tyranny and demand freedom of speech, allow people to go to prison and be vilified, and magazines to be closed down on the spot, for suggesting another version of history.
David Icke	Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground.
David Icke	A friend at school was always being laughed at because his father emptied dustbins for a living. But those who laughed worshipped famous footballers. This is an example of our topsy-turvy view of 'success.' Who would we miss most if they did not work for a month, the footballer or the garbage collector?
David Icke	We are reflections of one another, therefore I know that you are part of me and I am part of you because we are all projections of the universal principles of creation/destruction polarities of the same infinite consciousness that we call God.
David Icke	A group of reptilian humanoids, called the Babylonian Brotherhood, control humanity.
David Icke	I believe that the human race has developed a form of collective schizophrenia in which we are not only the slaves to this imposed thought behavior, but we are also the police force of it.
David Icke	The reason most people don't express their individuality and actually deny it, is not fear of what prime ministers think of us or the head of the federal reserve, It's what their families and their friends down at the bar are going to think of them.
David Icke	Any society where it's a crime or a hassle to be different is a society based on psychological fascism.
David Icke	A gift of truth is the gift of love.
David Icke	If you have a pre-conceived idea of the world, you edit information. When it leads you down a certain road, you don't challenge your own beliefs.
David Icke	Many Jews are not Zionists and many non-Jews are. Zionism is a political movement, not a race. To say Zionism is the Jewish people is like saying the Democratic Party is the American people. Jewish people who oppose Zionism, however, have been given a very hard time.
David Icke	The BBC sports department when I was there was seriously to the right of Ghengis Khan, and if people think I am strange, they should have met some of the production staff I worked with. Margaret Thatcher and the Queen were the pin up girls for many of them.
David Icke	The families in positions of great financial power obsessively interbreed with each other. But I'm not talking about one Earth race, Jewish or non-Jewish. I'm talking about a genetic network that operates through all races, this bloodline being a fusion of human and reptilian genes.
David Icke	I know that you are part of me and I am part of you because we are all aspects of the same infinite consciousness that we call God and Creation.
David Icke	It's appropriate that the word 'ignorance' is an extension of the word 'ignore.' We ignore so much and so we become ignore-ant.
David Icke	God save us from religion.
David Icke	The opening and closing ceremonies of the London Olympics are mass satanic rituals disguised as a celebration of Britain and sport. Their medium is the language of symbolism.
David Icke	Have you ever wondered what your subconscious mind looks like? Well today, I can show you.
David Irving	History is like a constantly changing tree.
David Irving	Without Hitler, the State of Israel probably would not exist today. To that extent he was probably the Jews' greatest friend.
David Irving	I made a mistake when I said there were no gas chambers at Auschwitz.
David Irving	I have no academic qualifications whatsoever.
David Ives	Verse comedy is interesting to me because of the challenge of writing in rhymed couplets, which is not a form that's usually amenable to English, yet to me it gives great possibility for comedy.
David Ives	Lists are anti-democratic, discriminatory, elitist, and sometimes the print is too small.
David Ives	With my plays, when the lights go down, at least the audience isn't thinking, 'Oh, God, two more hours of this.'
David Ives	Necessarily, I'm always involved in casting, as any playwright is, because the whole process of putting on a play is a collaborative, organic effort on the part of a bunch of people trying to think alike.
David Ives	Writing a play, you start with less, so more is demanded of you. It's as if you have to not only write a symphony, but invent the instruments as well.
David Ives	Plays are always about intense relationships, whether they're intense love relationships or family relationships or existential relationships.
David Ives	I admire pop songs that are perfect at three minutes.
David Ives	I think everything should be in verse. 'The New York Times' should be in verse.
David Lynch	Transcendental meditation is an ancient mental technique that allows any human being to dive within, transcend and experience the source of everything. It's such a blessing for the human being because that eternal field is a field of unbounded intelligence, creativity, happiness, love, energy and peace.
David Lynch	Intuition is the key to everything, in painting, filmmaking, business - everything. I think you could have an intellectual ability, but if you can sharpen your intuition, which they say is emotion and intellect joining together, then a knowingness occurs.
David Lynch	Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
David Lynch	This whole world is wild at heart and weird on top.
David Lynch	I don't think that people accept the fact that life doesn't make sense. I think it makes people terribly uncomfortable. It seems like religion and myth were invented against that, trying to make sense out of it.
David Lynch	Everyone is on the internet but they're not all talking with each other. There are groups upon groups out there, but they don't talk to one another. So while the internet brings everyone into a shared space, it does not necessarily bring them together.
David Lynch	I like cappuccino, actually. But even a bad cup of coffee is better than no coffee at all.
David Lynch	Absurdity is what I like most in life, and there's humor in struggling in ignorance. If you saw a man repeatedly running into a wall until he was a bloody pulp, after a while it would make you laugh because it becomes absurd.
David Lynch	I discovered that if one looks a little closer at this beautiful world, there are always red ants underneath.
David Lynch	Stories hold conflict and contrast, highs and lows, life and death, and the human struggle and all kinds of things.
David Lynch	It makes me uncomfortable to talk about meanings and things. It's better not to know so much about what things mean. Because the meaning, it's a very personal thing, and the meaning for me is different than the meaning for somebody else.
David Lynch	I love super crispy, almost burned, snapping-crispy bacon.
David Lynch	Meditation is to dive all the way within, beyond thought, to the source of thought and pure consciousness. It enlarges the container, every time you transcend. When you come out, you come out refreshed, filled with energy and enthusiasm for life.
David Lynch	Cinema is a medium that can translate ideas.
David Lynch	The concept of absurdity is something I'm attracted to.
David Lynch	A filmmaker doesn't have to suffer to show suffering. You just have to understand it. You don't have to die to shoot a death scene.
David Lynch	My cow is not pretty, but it is pretty to me.
David Lynch	I don't remember my dreams too much. I hardly have ever gotten ideas from nighttime dreams. But I love daydreaming and dream logic and the way dreams go.
David Lynch	The ideas dictate everything, you have to be true to that or you're dead.
David Lynch	Humor is very interesting to me. My films are not comedies, but there's comedy in them from time to time, absurdities, just like in real life.
David Lynch	Transcendental meditation is like a car, a vehicle that allows you to go within. It's a mental technique.
David Lynch	Music as background to me becomes like a mosquito, an insect. In the studio we have big speakers, and to me that's the way music should be listened to. When I listen to music, I want to just listen to music.
David Lynch	Every viewer is going to get a different thing. That's the thing about painting, photography, cinema.
David Lynch	Francis Bacon is one of my giant inspirations. I just love him to pieces.
David Lynch	I've always loved the electric guitar: to hold it and work it and hear what it does is unreal.
Dean Acheson	Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Dean Acheson	The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
Dean Acheson	No people in history have ever survived who thought they could protect their freedom by making themselves inoffensive to their enemies.
Dean Acheson	Controversial proposals, once accepted, soon become hallowed.
Dean Acheson	The great corrupter of public man is the ego. Looking at the mirror distracts one's attention from the problem.
Dean Acheson	Negotiating in the classic diplomatic sense assumes parties more anxious to agree than to disagree.
Dean Acheson	The manner in which one endures what must be endured is more important than the thing that must be endured.
Dean Acheson	The most important aspect of the relationship between the president and the secretary of state is that they both understand who is president.
Dean Acheson	Great Britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role.
Dean Acheson	I will undoubtedly have to seek what is happily known as gainful employment, which I am glad to say does not describe holding public office.
Dean Acheson	Negotiation in the classic diplomatic sense assumes parties more anxious to agree than to disagree.
Dean Acheson	A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.
Dean Acheson	We have actively sought and are actively seeking to make the United Nations an effective instrument of international cooperation.
Dean Acheson	If we learn the art of yielding what must be yielded to the changing present, we can save the best of the past.
Dean Acheson	The first requirement of a statesman is that he be dull.
Dean Acheson	Washington is like a self-sealing tank on a military aircraft. When a bullet passes through, it closes up.
Dean Acheson	I learned from the example of my father that the manner in which one endures what must be endured is more important than the thing that must be endured.
Dean Acheson	The greatest mistake I made was not to die in office.
Dean Acheson	It is worse than immoral, it's a mistake.
Dean Cain	I don't really go down one path. I wouldn't call myself a Buddhist, or a Catholic or a Christian or a Muslim, or Jewish. I couldn't put myself into any organized faith.
Dean Cain	When they write about real stuff like my custody battle, that's no fun. Some things have leaked out about accusations that have gone back and forth and that's just mean. It's a tactic.
Dean Cain	My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.
Dean Cain	Mix one part Denzel Washington and two parts Eva Mendes and you have a nice hot cocktail.
Dean Cain	I just live and let live and live my life pretty much according to the Golden Rule. And it turns out well for me.
Dean Cain	It was easy to be the bad guy throughout.
Dean Cain	Some people believe God is involved in every little decision we make. Some people believe you're given the free will to make the decisions. Sometimes people believe God is not involved at all.
Dean Cain	I like finishing a movie and having this living, breathing thing.
Dean Cain	Acting with Denzel is like playing tennis with someone that's better than you. You either play better tennis or get blown off the court.
Dean Cain	Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude.
Dean Cain	I'm an actor and this is a role I'm playing. But people can get wacky.
Dean Cain	I'm not a song and dance man, so you're not going to see me on 'Glee' anytime soon. If you want that show to continue, keep me far away from it.
Dean Cain	The thing that drives me more than anything else is being a father.
Dean Cain	I did this film for less money than it costs to stay in this hotel. We shot it in 20 days. We couldn't screw up takes for fun because we didn't have enough film.
Dean Cain	I get a lot of action scripts. I get low-budget vehicles that will end up right on the video shelf. I want to do movies that I want to talk about, that I'm proud of, but I also want to make a living.
Dean Cain	I grew up the son of a director and grew up on sets myself, so I was the kid getting dragged around from this set to that set and I loved it. There's something about it which is really interesting.
Dean Cain	I love sports. Anytime I can combine sports with a film I'm a happy guy. It's such a natural fit, because sports always seems to be a metaphor for life. Always, always, always.
Dean Cain	I'm a single father, I don't like to be away from my son. So I'll go out, make a film and come back. Repeat. And it's worked out very well for the last 11 years.
Dean Cain	There are so many things about playing football that seem to me uniquely American. Anybody can succeed, anybody can play, but you've got to work hard to do it.
Dean Inge	What is originality? Undetected plagiarism.
Dean Inge	The wisdom of the wise is an uncommon degree of common sense.
Dean Inge	A good government remains the greatest of human blessings and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
Dean Inge	Gambling is a disease of barbarians superficially civilized.
Dean Inge	I have no fear that the candle lighted in Palestine years ago will ever be put out.
Dean Inge	It takes in reality only one to make a quarrel. It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion.
Dean Inge	Love remembered and consecrated by grief belongs, more clearly than the happy intercourse of friends, to the eternal world; it has proved itself stronger than death.
Dean Inge	In praising science, it does not follow that we must adopt the very poor philosophies which scientific men have constructed. In philosophy they have much more to learn than to teach.
Dean Inge	Bereavement is the deepest initiation into the mysteries of human life, an initiation more searching and profound than even happy love.
Dean Inge	Democracy is only an experiment in government, and it has the obvious disadvantage of merely counting votes instead of weighing them.
Dean Inge	Faith is an act of rational choice, which determines us to act as if certain things were true, and in the confident expectation that they will prove to be true.
Dean Inge	Bereavement is the sharpest challenge to our trust in God; if faith can overcome this, there is no mountain which it cannot remove.
Dean Inge	The object of studying philosophy is to know one's own mind, not other people's.
Dean Inge	Don't get up from the feast of life without paying for your share of it.
Dean Inge	The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things.
Dean Inge	Faith always contains an element of risk, of venture; and we are impelled to make the venture by the affinity and attraction which we feel in ourselves.
Dean Inge	If the universe is running down like a clock, the clock must have been wound up at a date which we could name if we knew it. The world, if it is to have an end in time, must have had a beginning in time.
Dean Inge	All faith consists essentially in the recognition of a world of spiritual values behind, yet not apart from, the world of natural phenomena.
Dean Inge	The soul is dyed with the color of its leisure thoughts.
Dean Inge	Action is the normal completion of the act of will which begins as prayer. That action is not always external, but it is always some kind of effective energy.
Dean Inge	We tolerate shapes in human beings that would horrify us if we saw them in a horse.
Dean Inge	Let none of us delude himself by supposing that honesty is always the best policy. It is not.
Dean Inge	Man, as we know him, is a poor creature; he is halfway between an ape and a god and he is travelling in the right direction.
Dean Inge	A cat can be trusted to purr when she is pleased, which is more than can be said for human beings.
Dean Inge	It was said that Mr. Gladstone could persuade most people of most things, and himself of anything.
Deb Caletti	All of us create our own versions of an event, of our lives, even, not because we're liars, necessarily, but because we can only see and understand the truth from our own viewpoint, and a shifting viewpoint at that.
Deb Caletti	Bliss is the ocean, a towel on the sand, the sun out, the chance to swim in waves or walk dragging a stick behind you, a good book, a cold drink.
Deb Caletti	Although I love snow, it messes things up terribly around Seattle, with all of our hills. I worry about my loved ones driving.
Deb Caletti	Like all kids with divorced parents, I have an abundance of holidays.
Deb Caletti	I would eat fruitcake if there'd been a nuclear war and I'd run out of canned goods.
Deb Caletti	I've never met a popcorn ball I didn't like.
Deb Caletti	My most memorable teacher was Rich Campe, my third-grade teacher at Fairlands Elementary in Pleasanton, California.
Deb Caletti	One of the most constant and sustaining truths of my life has been this: I love the library.
Deb Caletti	I understood right from the start that every set of library doors were the sort of magic portals that lead to other lands. My God, right within reach there were dinosaurs and planets and presidents and girl detectives!
Deb Caletti	Writers are troubled about finding time to write and writer's block and publicizing books that aren't books yet. They agonize over how to write and what to write and what not to write.
Deb Caletti	All of my books come from something that I happen to be working out at a given point in my life. It's kind of self-therapy.
Deb Caletti	Becoming a YA author was actually a very lucky accident. When I wrote the 'Queen of Everything,' I thought it was a book for adults.
Deb Caletti	I became a writer because I love books, and I believe in their power.
Deb Caletti	I long for books; I am utterly greedy about them.
Deb Caletti	I think a setting is hugely important. I look at setting as a character with its own look, sound, history, quirks, goofy temperaments and moods.
Deb Caletti	My dream was, and always had been, to write a book. To be a writer.
Deb Caletti	You never know how - or when - the idea for a book will appear.
Deb Caletti	I always say that, for me, writing a book is like a wacky Greyhound bus trip - I know where I'm starting and where I'll end up, but I have no idea what will happen along the way.
Deb Caletti	I was a book lover from the beginning. I loved, love, words and images and ideas, the ways a book can make you feel things deeply or help you understand something you never even knew there were words for.
Deb Caletti	I wrote one book, signed with a good agent, and sat back and waited for the phone to ring. I was sure that the great news would come at any moment. Four books later, I finally got that call.
Deb Caletti	If you think about becoming a writer, that's just really one of the big dreams I had. It's really important to have those dreams and pursue your passions.
Deb Caletti	'The Nature of Jade' is about a girl who works with the elephants at the zoo near her home, and who, through her involvement with them, becomes involved with a boy and his baby.
Deb Caletti	To be a writer is to connect and to play and to attempt to see clearly and understand. It astounds me regularly that feeling things deeply and writing them down is basically my job description.
Deb Caletti	When I was a young mother at home with a two year old and a five year old, living on the Eastside in one of those neighborhoods where all the houses look the same, where all the cars look the same and the lawns look the same, I was writing in secret.
Debby Ryan	Look at what you want to change, gather a few people who believe in it like you do, and start moving forward. It's important to remember that you don't always need a destination. Sometimes, you just have to make forward motion. And you absolutely can.
Debby Ryan	I'm different, and I'm not afraid to be different.
Debby Ryan	I think there's something charming about incorporating summer clothes into winter, like pairing a summery skirt with a massive sweater. I'm also really into layering during the winter!
Debby Ryan	Have an anchor so that life doesn't toss you around.
Debby Ryan	More than anything, acting helped me discover who I'm not. I've learned that I'm a girly girl, but not a prissy girl.
Debby Ryan	My mom always makes the whole family pile into the car and drive around to look at the Christmas lights. My brother and I never want to do it, but my mom just loves it!
Debby Ryan	I'm not making music for people who like Disney shows. I make music for people who like music.
Debby Ryan	You can't force music; It just has to come to you.
Debby Ryan	I wouldn't do the music thing if it weren't for my brother, who's a producer. He understands me and helps my vision come to life.
Debby Ryan	I was raised to volunteer: nursing homes, clinics, church nurseries, school, everywhere that could use help. It's such an intrinsic part of me, to use my life to help improve the quality of others.
Debby Ryan	Before the whole Disney realm had undergone this huge revamping, as a kid, I always saw myself doing these dramatic indie parts. And then I fell in love with doing comedy and doing kid shows and really working for kids.
Debby Ryan	T.V. acting is a great skill to have, and it's nice to have that stability.
Debby Ryan	Any mature, responsible adult doesn't run around stomping their feet and screaming 'I'm a mature, responsible, adult.'
Debby Ryan	Think new thoughts. Grab life with both hands, take opportunities you have, & create the ones you need.
Debby Ryan	I'm very practical and realistic.
Debby Ryan	Don't be afraid of your own power.
Debby Ryan	For me, shoe-wise, platforms give me the same height that I need, but they're not as taxing on my feet.
Debby Ryan	I never wash my hair the night before an event - I call it second day hair, and it holds better.
Debby Ryan	I want in 40 years to still be acting and to more than anything have longevity and not just be this huge flash in the pan and then disappear.
Debby Ryan	I went to school on a military base in Germany. I got a lot of my clothes at the army surplus store.
Debby Ryan	I'm definitely interested in making more music and uploading new covers; I like to take suggestions because it's more fun if people know the song.
Debby Ryan	I'm introverted by nature, and I need to have some things of my own.
Debby Ryan	The easiest way to not believe your own hype is to not know what people are saying about you.
Debby Ryan	Every Thanksgiving, we all write down three things we're thankful for and put them in a hat. Then we pass the hat around the dinner table and everyone has to guess who wrote what!
Debby Ryan	All of the awards, applause, Twitter followers, shoes, it will all go away eventually. But if I can leave the world slightly more hopeful, inspired, and more healed than when I arrived, I did my job.
Dee Bradley Baker	My folks made me a Jawa costume for the Halloween after 'Star Wars' opened in '77. In '78, when it was re-released, I was hired by the local cinema to be the Jawa: to dress up all summer long, and I could frighten people with my Jawa sounds and my Jawa outfit and watch 'Star Wars Episode IV' all summer long and get paid with movie passes.
Dee Bradley Baker	I'm a middle-aged dad, which means I have no social time or life to speak of, and so I connect with my buddies with my Xbox.
Dee Bradley Baker	As a parent, I want my kids to have an optimistic outlook, and one that has hope, and that makes sense, where good does triumph over evil and it's not cynical, and it's not snarky.
Dee Bradley Baker	I am a geek dad, believe me. I've got my iPad with me; I've got my iPhone 4; I've got my Xbox. I love technology and I want to feel like I'm living in the future, and these devices help me feel that way.
Dee Bradley Baker	When I was a child, I thought I was going to be a paleontologist because I loved dinosaurs. I loved monster movies and sci-fi, and then 'Star Wars' came out, and I was completely out of my mind with that, with 'Close Encounters,' and then I thought maybe I was going to go into special effects makeup, which I thought was awesome.
Deepak Chopra	Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Deepak Chopra	If you're studying for an exam you're not thinking about the results. If you're always worried about the results, you can't study a lot. So to be engaged and detached from the outcome is excellent. Excellence is behavior. I mean, isn't that what martial arts is about? And that's what meditation is about, that's what, in many ways, sports are about.
Deepak Chopra	You can't make positive choices for the rest of your life without an environment that makes those choices easy, natural, and enjoyable.
Deepak Chopra	The highest levels of performance come to people who are centered, intuitive, creative, and reflective - people who know to see a problem as an opportunity.
Deepak Chopra	Karma is experience, and experience creates memory, and memory creates imagination and desire, and desire creates karma again. If I buy a cup of coffee, that's karma. I now have that memory that might give me the potential desire for having cappuccino, and I walk into Starbucks, and there's karma all over again.
Deepak Chopra	New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
Deepak Chopra	If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can't do anything by yourself. And your best teams are your friends and your siblings.
Deepak Chopra	There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill, and every piece must fit itself into the big jigsaw puzzle.
Deepak Chopra	You have to think of your brand as a kind of myth. A myth is a compelling story that is archetypal, if you know the teachings of Carl Jung. It has to have emotional content and all the themes of a great story: mystery, magic, adventure, intrigue, conflicts, contradiction, paradox.
Deepak Chopra	We must go beyond the constant clamor of ego, beyond the tools of logic and reason, to the still, calm place within us: the realm of the soul.
Deepak Chopra	In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you.
Deepak Chopra	Our minds influence the key activity of the brain, which then influences everything; perception, cognition, thoughts and feelings, personal relationships; they're all a projection of you.
Deepak Chopra	The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Deepak Chopra	Karma, memory, and desire are just the software of the soul. It's conditioning that the soul undergoes in order to create experience. And it's a cycle. In most people, the cycle is a conditioned response. They do the same things over and over again.
Deepak Chopra	There is no fixed physical reality, no single perception of the world, just numerous ways of interpreting world views as dictated by one's nervous system and the specific environment of our planetary existence.
Deepak Chopra	I teach people that no matter what the situation is, no matter how chaotic, no matter how much drama is around you, you can heal by your presence if you just stay within your center.
Deepak Chopra	Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.
Deepak Chopra	People need to know that they have all the tools within themselves. Self-awareness, which means awareness of their body, awareness of their mental space, awareness of their relationships - not only with each other, but with life and the ecosystem.
Deepak Chopra	You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
Deepak Chopra	Karma is only in space time and causality. Your real self resides non-locally.
Deepak Chopra	Many scientists think that philosophy has no place, so for me it's a sad time because the role of reflection, contemplation, meditation, self inquiry, insight, intuition, imagination, creativity, free will, is in a way not given any importance, which is the domain of philosophers.
Deepak Chopra	Research has shown that the best way to be happy is to make each day happy.
Deepak Chopra	Life gives you plenty of time to do whatever you want to do if you stay in the present moment.
Deepak Chopra	Self-awareness is not just relaxation and not just meditation. It must combine relaxation with activity and dynamism. Technology can aid that.
Deepak Chopra	But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.
Deidre Hall	I don't work a five-day week as a rule, and I've managed to fill that time up. It hasn't been that hard. I volunteer at school. I'm working because I love it. Yet, I don't not envy women who have a stay-at-home job, because you miss stuff.
Deidre Hall	I would have ten children. I think they are the most fascinating, and it's the only thing in the world that hasn't been overrated.
Deidre Hall	The fact is that daytime television is less valued than nighttime, and it's partly because of the product that we produce. We do a one-hour show in 12 hours. Nighttime produces a one-hour show in seven to nine days.
Deidre Hall	I have a book! It's called 'How Does She Do It?' and it's 35 years on camera.
Deidre Hall	I have such a strong belief in women's ability to sustain each other.
Deidre Hall	I know it may seem surprising to people, but learning dialog that has a conversational flow to it is not that difficult.
Deidre Hall	I've learned survival secrets from being on camera, and then translated them into everyday life.
Deidre Hall	There was never a point in my life where I gave up. My marriage, as you know, fell apart.
Deidre Hall	I guess I strike people as very serious, or very intense.
Deidre Hall	Come to find out, the Russians were never afraid of the Americans. They weren't raised with the terror that we were by our government. I was struck by how our government misled us for so many years.
Demi Lovato	No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
Demi Lovato	I think scars are like battle wounds - beautiful, in a way. They show what you've been through and how strong you are for coming out of it.
Demi Lovato	I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself.
Demi Lovato	I don't let anyone's insecurities, emotions, or opinions bother me. I know that if I am happy, that's all that matters to me.
Demi Lovato	I get mad. I get sad. I have all those emotions. But I just like to keep them to myself. I don't think my fans need to be bothered with if I'm mad or sad about something. I should just be concerned that they are keeping up with my music or I'm making them happy with my show.
Demi Lovato	Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy. That's my life motto.
Demi Lovato	Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off.
Demi Lovato	Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.
Demi Lovato	Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.
Demi Lovato	Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons.
Demi Lovato	I believe in aliens. I think it would be way too selfish of us as mankind to believe we are the only lifeforms in the universe.
Demi Lovato	Everyone has the bully or the mean girl or the ex-boyfriend who tried to bring them down.
Demi Lovato	I've come to realize your career is all about the choices you make. Every single one matters.
Demi Lovato	I learned that you go through things, you deal with them and that's what empowers you and ultimately makes you a happy person.
Demi Lovato	Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger.
Demi Lovato	I want to be fearless.
Demi Lovato	Some of my fans have said that because I've been able to speak about my issues, that they're not afraid to speak about theirs, which is an amazing feeling.
Demi Lovato	I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.
Demi Lovato	I want to get to the point where one day I don't have to have anything but a rug and a microphone stand on stage and still be able to sell out places like Madison Square Garden, like Bruce Springsteen does.
Demi Lovato	On TV, you have wardrobe fittings, you have four cameras on you at all times, and you're worried about your angles and your lighting and your shots.
Demi Lovato	Sometimes I think, 'Why couldn't I have been normal?'
Demi Lovato	I feel like I'm held more accountable to stay healthy now because now I'm a role model to young girls to not have eating issues and to not say, 'Hey, it's OK to starve yourself' or 'It's OK to throw up after your meals' - that's not OK.
Demi Lovato	I think that women who know who they are are beautiful.
Demi Lovato	It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?
Demi Lovato	One of the reasons I was so unhappy for years was because I never embraced my emotions and I was trying to stay in control.
Democritus	Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus	Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence.
Democritus	Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion.
Democritus	It is greed to do all the talking but not to want to listen at all.
Democritus	Our sins are more easily remembered than our good deeds.
Democritus	Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.
Democritus	By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich.
Democritus	The wrongdoer is more unfortunate than the man wronged.
Democritus	Hope of ill gain is the beginning of loss.
Democritus	It is better to destroy one's own errors than those of others.
Democritus	Men should strive to think much and know little.
Democritus	Throw moderation to the winds, and the greatest pleasures bring the greatest pains.
Democritus	I would rather discover one true cause than gain the kingdom of Persia.
Democritus	Good means not merely not to do wrong, but rather not to desire to do wrong.
Democritus	If thou suffer injustice, console thyself; the true unhappiness is in doing it.
Democritus	Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
Democritus	It is godlike ever to think on something beautiful and on something new.
Democritus	Now as of old the gods give men all good things, excepting only those that are baneful and injurious and useless. These, now as of old, are not gifts of the gods: men stumble into them themselves because of their own blindness and folly.
Denis Waitley	Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Denis Waitley	A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
Denis Waitley	The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence.
Denis Waitley	Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.
Denis Waitley	A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Denis Waitley	Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Denis Waitley	Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Denis Waitley	There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Denis Waitley	Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
Denis Waitley	Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
Denis Waitley	Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Denis Waitley	As long as we are persistence in our pursuit of our deepest destiny, we will continue to grow. We cannot choose the day or time when we will fully bloom. It happens in its own time.
Denis Waitley	Losers make promises they often break. Winners make commitments they always keep.
Denis Waitley	Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable.
Denis Waitley	Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future.
Denis Waitley	You must look within for value, but must look beyond for perspective.
Denis Waitley	You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions.
Denis Waitley	Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you.
Denis Waitley	The winners in life treat their body as if it were a magnificent spacecraft that gives them the finest transportation and endurance for their lives.
Denis Waitley	The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
Denis Waitley	It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit.
Denis Waitley	You must accept responsibility for your actions, but not the credit for your achievements.
Denis Waitley	Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire - you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away.
Denis Waitley	The most splendid achievement of all is the constant striving to surpass yourself and to be worthy of your own approval.
Denis Waitley	You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Dennis Cardoza	I fully support the goal of species protection and conservation and believe that recovery and ultimately delisting of species should be the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's top priority under ESA.
Dennis Cardoza	Like my colleague, I represent a large Assyrian community in central California, one of the largest concentrations of Assyrian Americans anywhere in the United States.
Dennis Cardoza	Now is not the time to give greater protections to pharmaceutical companies that put unsafe drugs like Vioxx on the market. Such protections have nothing to do with the liability insurance crisis facing doctors and should be stripped from this bill.
Dennis Cardoza	The truth is the Republican leadership has created a credit card Congress that is recklessly selling out the future of America, our children and our grandchildren, and President Bush is the most fiscally irresponsible President in the history of America.
Dennis Cardoza	As an adoptive parent myself of foster children, I have seen firsthand the glaring problems of the system currently facing this Nation.
Dennis Cardoza	If the United States were to cut and run from Iraq, we would send a message of weakness that would embolden our terrorist enemies across the globe. A failed Iraq would destabilize the entire region and undermine U.S. national security for decades to come.
Dennis Cardoza	In 2003, Congress authorized the construction of a visitor center for the Vietnam Memorial to help provide information and educate the public about the memorial and the Vietnam War.
Dennis Cardoza	In our system of democracy, our government works on a system of checks and balances. Instead of stripping power from the courts, I believe we should follow the process prescribed in our Constitution - consideration of a Constitutional amendment.
Dennis Cardoza	The longer we go without strong leadership from the Administration and until we see significant progress in the day-to-day lives of the Iraqi people, the more difficult it will become to sustain the support of the American people and Congress for the current course.
Dennis Cardoza	House Democrats have tried to increase port security funding on this House floor four times over the last 4 years, and House Republicans have defeated our efforts every single time.
Dennis Cardoza	I know that my Republican colleagues are as ashamed as I am that the United States is forced to borrow over $1 trillion from foreign nations to pay for our national priorities like reconstruction of the gulf coast and the war in Iraq.
Dennis Cardoza	It is about time that we develop a worldwide strategy to reduce illegal trade in meth and its precursor chemicals and stop the devastating impact that methamphetamine use is having on our children and our communities.
Dennis Cardoza	Our constituents paid into Social Security, and they want it paid back to them when they retire. Cutting Social Security benefits that Americans have earned should always be a last resort.
Dennis Cardoza	We owe our troops more than rhetoric; we owe them a real plan. The Administration has yet to put forward a strategy for achieving stability in Iraq, ending the conflict, and handing over sovereignty to the people of Iraq and the new Iraqi government.
Dennis Eckersley	The thing that got me over the hump was accepting that I had to do whatever I could to stay in the game.
Dennis Eckersley	Later, I could take something off my slider and I could make my fastball sink, so I really had four pitches.
Dennis Eckersley	But more important than personal awards is winning the World Series. That's the max that anyone could ask for. Let alone to have the ball in your in your glove for the final out of the World Series. That was the ultimate.
Dennis Eckersley	I always had the attitude that I wanted to throw a no-hitter every game.
Dennis Eckersley	Pitching... sometimes I did so poorly, it brought me to tears.
Dennis Eckersley	Sooner or later you learn that you belong in the big leagues, and that makes you calm down.
Dennis Eckersley	I had never been to the playoffs, and it was exciting. The fans went through the roof. They were excited about the whole team. It was great to be traded to a city like Chicago, which was a lot like Boston.
Dennis Eckersley	I think today the players are too nice to one another, but that might change with the unbalanced schedule, with teams playing each other more and more. When you face each other that much, with that much at stake, something's bound to happen.
Dennis Eckersley	When I started finishing games and coming off the field shaking hands, it was a beautiful thing. I mean, you start seeing that you're an important part of the team.
Dennis Eckersley	I can't recall too much about pitching, but I do remember that I was anxious to get it over with. I just wanted to get that first game over with and go from there.
Dennis Eckersley	You aren't going to stick around long with just two pitches.
Dennis Eckersley	But through experience I learned to control my body and locate the ball.
Dennis Eckersley	I also think that I had great mechanics.
Dennis Eckersley	I was in good control of my body, and I kept my head still.
Dennis Eckersley	I'm proud of the fact that I pitched almost 3,300 innings.
Dennis Eckersley	It took me a few years to realize that throwing harder wasn't always better.
Dennis Eckersley	My career spanned the era when relievers started to become more important.
Dennis Eckersley	Then you figure out that if you don't throw it as hard as you can, you can put it where you want. It's more important where you put it.
Dennis Eckersley	Tony knew me both as an athlete and as a person. He cared for me like a father.
Dennis Eckersley	When I first came up, the bullpen was pretty much where they put the guys who couldn't start.
Dennis Eckersley	I was a starter and did some good things there, and then I got a chance to prove myself as a closer. Because of that opportunity, I was blessed with the honor of being elected to the Hall of Fame.
Dennis Eckersley	That first year in Chicago was one of the most memorable in my career. Getting traded rejuvenated me, and I had something to prove. I wanted to show them what I could do.
Dennis Eckersley	They developed a platform for me to put up another 12 years, and that was my ticket to Cooperstown. Those were the best years of my life. It was like magic.
Dennis Farina	I think first impressions are important when you pick up a script.
Dennis Farina	As far as carrying the American banner, you just do what's right for the kids.
Dennis Farina	I've tried writing. Two days later I'd go visit it and say, Jesus Christ, who wrote this crap?
Dennis Farina	The British have slang words, as we do, but it was fun.
Dennis Farina	Usually you're in movies with a lot of dissolves and things, but this was kind of quick, more jarring than usual. I thought it would be fun to be in a movie that's unconventional. Then I met Guy and I liked him. I think he's a good man.
Dennis Farina	You can change a person's life in an instant; put him in a movie, and you start thinking differently, you want to be in another movie. It's like an addiction almost.
Dennis Farina	I have a home in Arizona. I go a couple months a year, but basically Chicago is my home.
Dennis Farina	I think all actors are supposed to be character actors.
Dennis Farina	There's a whole catalogue of actors that never went to acting school.
Dennis Farina	I love England and the historical aspect of it.
Dennis Farina	I don't like to be talked into anything. I don't want to be cajoled.
Dennis Farina	Do whatever you're directed to do, and leave the rest of that technical stuff up to the director.
Dennis Farina	When I was a kid going to the movies, we'd go because Bogart was in the movie, or Cagney, or John Wayne. We didn't know what the story was about or anything.
Dennis Farina	I don't know if I have a technique. I'm just trying to remember the words.
Dennis Farina	I learned a long time ago: You're in the entertainment business. You're not in the reality business. One has absolutely nothing to do with the other.
Dennis Farina	The cast was huge, but I never saw anybody.
Dennis Farina	This generation of filmmakers is very good. They're seasoned, for some reason.
Dennis Farina	Vince or Brad or Benicio would say, Maybe we should try this, and Guy was open to changes.
Dennis Farina	What you do as a policeman might be the right thing to do, but it's not entertaining. I left that behind me.
Dennis Farina	You can't act for the editing. You just go in and do the scene the way you think is right.
Dennis Farina	I know people who go back and check themselves, but it drives me crazy. Everybody wants to look in the mirror and see Cary Grant looking back at them, but that's just not the case.
Dennis Farina	I wanted to do Buddy Faro as a small budget movie. They said no. So I wanted to do it as a series of recurring TV movies, and they said no. So I agreed to do it as a series.
Dennis Farina	When they released Sidewalks of New York, there were some shots with the towers they were going to take out, and Ed told them no. I don't think they can deny the towers were a part of New York.
Dennis Farina	I read the script and try not to bring anything personal into it. I make notes, talk to the director and we decide what kinds of shades should be in the character.
Dennis Farina	I'd love to do a Western. A real Western like John Ford used to do. There's not too many of them made, so I don't know if I'll ever get to do that. They're awfully hard movies to make.
Dennis Gabor	The most important and urgent problems of the technology of today are no longer the satisfactions of the primary needs or of archetypal wishes, but the reparation of the evils and damages by the technology of yesterday.
Dennis Gabor	Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.
Dennis Gabor	Till now man has been up against Nature; from now on he will be up against his own nature.
Derek Bailey	I have always been attracted to the cottage industry side of this business.
Derek Bailey	I'm not much into current electronic stuff, what I think of as lounge electronics, mumbling electronics.
Derek Bailey	I've always liked the effect of having somebody in there who hadn't the faintest idea what was going on.
Derek Bailey	For me, Company is still the best way for me to work.
Derek Bailey	For me, playing is about playing with other people.
Derek Bailey	I am reactive.
Derek Bailey	I don't research anything.
Derek Bailey	I like duos with percussionists. I like the songs that percussionists sing.
Derek Bailey	I think playing solo is a second rate activity, really. For me, playing is about playing with other people.
Derek Bailey	I think the blues is fine for blues players, but free blues has never made much sense to me.
Derek Bailey	In the absence of that, I am happy to play solo, but I don't think there is any comparison.
Derek Bailey	Nowadays, I really like playing in studios.
Derek Bailey	Playing music is not really susceptible to theory much. Circumstances affect it so much.
Derek Bailey	Solo concerts are murder, I find; I don't like doing them.
Derek Bailey	Younger players in this music often turn out to be middle aged; it is not a young music.
Derek Bailey	Even if it is difficult playing with other people - sometimes it's great, sometimes it isn't, but that is kind of the point of it. It loses its point playing solo.
Derek Bailey	I wouldn't want to be ideological about it but I think of it as being the best way to approach this kind of playing. I don't think it works in other music, other kinds of playing.
Derek Bailey	In fact it's quite gratifying for me to see some of the people who really objected to this method of working now being quite so profligate in their use of it.
Derek Bailey	Personally, I've found one of the more stimulating ways of playing in recent times has been to kind of move outside the free improvised area and work with people who are probably improvisers but they have a particular way of working.
Derek Bailey	Personally, I've found that the kind of thing that I like is going into somebody else's area and not playing their music but doing whatever I do in their area.
Derek Jacobi	Ultimately it's a leap of faith and a leap of imagination to put yourself back in time into those conditions and situations and see how you would react.
Derek Jacobi	One of the last episodes was all about a flood. We were working in the rain till all hours, and it was muddy and it was cold and it was damp, and it was hours under the hoses. That was not pleasant. That was not pleasant.
Derek Jacobi	We started filming in 1993 which was only four years after the fall of communism. The difference in Budapest over the last five years has been remarkable.
Derek Jacobi	You have to get through the Hamlet hoop as a young actor. Your classical qualifications are based on the quality of your Hamlet. And then, as an older actor, you have to get through the Lear hoop. And I'm approaching the Lear hoop.
Derek Jacobi	There's never been any game plan or thread through my career. It's just happened that I've ricocheted from one interesting character to another.
Derek Jacobi	I am an actor and I live in the world of pretend in my working capacity. I live in the world of my imagination.
Derek Jacobi	Actors, I don't think, ever really grow up. I'm hoping that that rejuvenating process applies to me, too. It has so far. I've been very lucky.
Derek Jacobi	Ellis Peters's historical detail is very accurate and very minute, and therefore is not only interesting to read but good for an actor to acquire a sense of the period. And the other thing I think is that an actor lives in the land of imagination.
Derek Jacobi	I would like to be as fit as I've always been. I've been blessed with good health, I've been blessed with stamina. Particularly for those great classical roles, you need an Olympian stamina. I, fortunately, have that.
Derek Jacobi	It's often difficult to slough off all that we've acquired, all the comforts and safety nets modern life provides for us, and realize that in those days, people were living very much on the edge - life was incredibly hard!
Derek Jacobi	What was so good about it was that the set that they originally built stayed there, and weathered over the five years. It got five summers and five winters of weather. It became more and more authentic as we worked in it, and they added bits to it.
Derek Jacobi	He was somebody who made me think, I suppose, about the contemplative life. I've always been a city fellow, but I've often had vague thoughts about 'checking out' and perhaps going into a monastery and just seeing what it was like.
Derek Jacobi	I don't think he's permanently affected me except in the sense that I miss him. I miss being him. Or trying to be him. He is one of a gallery of characters that have had an impact on my career and therefore my life.
Derek Jacobi	I shall miss all the people in it and the great fun we had doing it. I enjoyed playing the character very much. It was a very, very special character and a very special series. And the camaraderie of it all. I loved it.
Derek Jacobi	Real-life people are often the hardest to play, people that you recreate who have actually lived, because you have to live up to people's knowledge of those characters.
Derek Jacobi	He was living in an age much more dangerous, more painful, much more on the edge than our own particular age.
Derek Jacobi	I never lose that terror of 'this is my last job, I'll never work again.' You can never relax and rely on whatever reputation you've built.
Derek Jacobi	I think that each character has fascinated and interested me enough to want to play him.
Derek Jacobi	I thought it was getting better and better, because the production values were increasing each time we did it.
Derek Jacobi	Every person who is offered a knighthood has the opportunity to say yes or no. You get a letter from the Prime Minister saying you've been recommended for a knighthood and there are two little boxes, one says yes, one says no.
Derek Jacobi	I had to think long and hard about what it would imply, what it would mean. Would it mean any alterations of one's lifestyle? Or, more than that, the way that people regarded you? The way they reacted to you if you had a Sir in front of your name?
Derek Jacobi	I think actors always retain one foot in the cradle. We're switched on to our youth, to our childhood. We have to be because we're in the business of transferring emotions to other people.
Derek Jacobi	I think my parents were happy that I'd gone to university and gotten a degree in history so they thought, 'Well if acting doesn't work for him, he can always become a history teacher or something.' Fortunately, the acting worked out.
Derek Jacobi	I truly don't know why it was ended, though. It was suddenly decided that that would be it. They never said particularly why, because they were cut off in their prime.
Derek Jacobi	I'd gone into that restaurant and sat down and the waitress had taken my order and everybody else had seen me with this what must have looked like this creature, this animal, sitting on the top of my head!
Desiderius Erasmus	Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Desiderius Erasmus	Your library is your paradise.
Desiderius Erasmus	Prevention is better than cure.
Desiderius Erasmus	He who allows oppression shares the crime.
Desiderius Erasmus	There are some people who live in a dream world, and there are some who face reality; and then there are those who turn one into the other.
Desiderius Erasmus	When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
Desiderius Erasmus	Women, can't live with them, can't live without them.
Desiderius Erasmus	Man is to man either a god or a wolf.
Desiderius Erasmus	Nothing is as peevish and pedantic as men's judgments of one another.
Desiderius Erasmus	To know nothing is the happiest life.
Desiderius Erasmus	No one respects a talent that is concealed.
Desiderius Erasmus	Reflection is a flower of the mind, giving out wholesome fragrance; but revelry is the same flower, when rank and running to seed.
Desiderius Erasmus	Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Desiderius Erasmus	I doubt if a single individual could be found from the whole of mankind free from some form of insanity. The only difference is one of degree. A man who sees a gourd and takes it for his wife is called insane because this happens to very few people.
Desiderius Erasmus	Fortune favors the audacious.
Desiderius Erasmus	By a Carpenter mankind was made, and only by that Carpenter can mankind be remade.
Desiderius Erasmus	If you keep thinking about what you want to do or what you hope will happen, you don't do it, and it won't happen.
Desiderius Erasmus	It is the chiefest point of happiness that a man is willing to be what he is.
Desiderius Erasmus	The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.
Desiderius Erasmus	Now I believe I can hear the philosophers protesting that it can only be misery to live in folly, illusion, deception and ignorance, but it isn't -it's human.
Desiderius Erasmus	In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Desiderius Erasmus	Great abundance of riches cannot be gathered and kept by any man without sin.
Desiderius Erasmus	Humility is truth.
Desiderius Erasmus	Time takes away the grief of men.
Desiderius Erasmus	Nowadays the rage for possession has got to such a pitch that there is nothing in the realm of nature, whether sacred or profane, out of which profit cannot be squeezed.
Desmond Tutu	You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu	Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
Desmond Tutu	If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
Desmond Tutu	When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said 'Let us pray.' We closed our eyes. When we opened them we had the Bible and they had the land.
Desmond Tutu	Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Desmond Tutu	Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
Desmond Tutu	My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
Desmond Tutu	Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
Desmond Tutu	God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
Desmond Tutu	If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Desmond Tutu	Racism, xenophobia and unfair discrimination have spawned slavery, when human beings have bought and sold and owned and branded fellow human beings as if they were so many beasts of burden.
Desmond Tutu	Before Nelson Mandela was arrested in 1962, he was an angry, relatively young man. He founded the ANC's military wing. When he was released, he surprised everyone because he was talking about reconciliation and forgiveness and not about revenge.
Desmond Tutu	Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart.
Desmond Tutu	But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
Desmond Tutu	We inhabit a universe that is characterized by diversity.
Desmond Tutu	God is not upset that Gandhi was not a Christian, because God is not a Christian! All of God's children and their different faiths help us to realize the immensity of God.
Desmond Tutu	Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?
Desmond Tutu	We are each made for goodness, love and compassion. Our lives are transformed as much as the world is when we live with these truths.
Desmond Tutu	In my country of South Africa, we struggled for years against the evil system of apartheid that divided human beings, children of the same God, by racial classification and then denied many of them fundamental human rights.
Desmond Tutu	Inclusive, good-quality education is a foundation for dynamic and equitable societies.
Desmond Tutu	In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.
Desmond Tutu	Without forgiveness, there's no future.
Desmond Tutu	Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice.
Desmond Tutu	Europe became rich because it exploited Africa; and the Africans know that.
Desmond Tutu	I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't.
Diana Gabaldon	What underlies great science is what underlies great art, whether it is visual or written, and that is the ability to distinguish patterns out of chaos.
Diana Gabaldon	I work late at night. I'm awake and nobody bothers me. It's quiet and things come and talk to me in the silence.
Diana Gabaldon	I don't plot the books out ahead of time, I don't plan them. I don't begin at the beginning and end at the end. I don't work with an outline and I don't work in a straight line.
Diana Gabaldon	Conflict and character are the heart of good fiction, and good mystery has both of those in spades.
Diana Gabaldon	I have no objection to well-written romance, but I'd read enough of it to know that that's not what I had written. I also knew that if it was sold as romance I'd never be reviewed by the 'New York Times' or any other literarily respectable newspaper - which is basically true, although the 'Washington Post' did get round to me eventually.
Diana Gabaldon	People assume that science is a very cold sort of profession, whereas writing novels is a warm and fuzzy intuitive thing. But in fact, they are not at all different.
Diana Gabaldon	Well, I can't remember not being able to read. I was told I could read by myself very well at the age of three.
Diana Gabaldon	When you're reading, you're not where you are; you're in the book. By the same token, I can write anywhere.
Diana Gabaldon	I read all the time. People ask, 'Do you read while you work?' And I say, 'I better.' I take two or three years to finish one of my enormous books, and I can't go that long without reading.
Diane Abbott	When fast food is not a treat but a dietary staple, the children surf the internet all day in dark corners of the room and are bombarded with latest gadgets. Things replace parental standards.
Diane Abbott	The honest truth is that if this government were to propose the massacre of the first-born, it would still have no difficulty in getting it through the Commons.
Diane Abbott	Mental health is often missing from public health debates even though it's critical to wellbeing.
Diane Abbott	You can't defend the indefensible - anything you say sounds self-serving and hypocritical.
Diane Abbott	Families are struggling against a tide of junk information on junk food.
Diane Abbott	I don't think you can have pain and soul-searching doing the right thing for your child.
Diane Abbott	Outsiders often have an insight that an insider doesn't quite have.
Diane Abbott	Finally, there's a sense in which I look at this Westminster village and London intelligentsia as an outsider.
Diane Abbott	My London constituency in Hackney has one of the highest levels of gun crime in the country. But the problem is no longer confined to inner city areas. Gun crime has spread to communities all over Britain.
Diane Abbott	I was a postman one Christmas and I developed a morbid fear of dogs.
Diane Abbott	In politics, the people I most despise are those who have no values.
Diane Abbott	Tackling childhood obesity is key.
Diane Abbott	Abortion is an issue of conscience for the Labour party.
Diane Abbott	Because when you watch U.S. television, all the presenters and reporters, they're all out of central casting.
Diane Abbott	I knew what could happen to my son if he was sent to the wrong school and got in with the wrong crowd.
Diane Abbott	I want to write a best-selling book.
Diane Abbott	I wanted my marriage to work, but it didn't.
Diane Abbott	I'm a West Indian mum and West Indian mums will go to the wall for their children.
Diane Abbott	In Parliament we debate on and we decide the laws that are going to govern the country.
Diane Abbott	It's very lonely bringing up a child on your own.
Diane Abbott	My family were from Jamaica.
Diane Abbott	My forebears refused to cut the sugar cane for plantation owners, and I am recognisably a product of that background.
Diane Abbott	You learn from mistakes.
Diane Abbott	I'm not the only Labour MP who sent their child to public school but I'm the only one who's questioned about it.
Diane Abbott	I'm not thick-skinned at all, and of course I'm hurt by people attacking me as a person.
Diane Ackerman	Nothing is more memorable than a smell. One scent can be unexpected, momentary and fleeting, yet conjure up a childhood summer beside a lake in the mountains.
Diane Ackerman	Love is the best school, but the tuition is high and the homework can be painful.
Diane Ackerman	All relationships change the brain - but most important are the intimate bonds that foster or fail us, altering the delicate circuits that shape memories, emotions and that ultimate souvenir, the self.
Diane Ackerman	Artificial intelligence is growing up fast, as are robots whose facial expressions can elicit empathy and make your mirror neurons quiver.
Diane Ackerman	Touch seems to be as essential as sunlight.
Diane Ackerman	Hurricane season brings a humbling reminder that, despite our technologies, most of nature remains unpredictable.
Diane Ackerman	On some summer days in New York City, the air hangs thickly visible, like the combined exhalations of eight million souls. Steam rising from vents underground makes you wonder if there isn't one giant sweat gland lodged beneath the city.
Diane Ackerman	We're losing biodiversity globally at an alarming rate, and we need a cornucopia of different plants and animals, for the planet's health and our own.
Diane Ackerman	I've always loved scuba diving and the cell-tickling feel of being underwater, though it poses unique frustrations. Alone, but with others, you may share the same sights and feelings, but you can't communicate well.
Diane Ackerman	As a species, we've somehow survived large and small ice ages, genetic bottlenecks, plagues, world wars and all manner of natural disasters, but I sometimes wonder if we'll survive our own ingenuity.
Diane Ackerman	I like knowing that the further back one traces any lineage, the narrower the path grows, to the haunt of just a few shaggy ancestors, with luck on their side, little gizmos in their cells and a future storied with impulses and choices that will ultimately define them.
Diane Ackerman	Just as our ancient ancestors drew animals on cave walls and carved animals from wood and bone, we decorate our homes with animal prints and motifs, give our children stuffed animals to clutch, cartoon animals to watch, animal stories to read.
Diane Ackerman	I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
Diane Ackerman	A poem records emotions and moods that lie beyond normal language, that can only be patched together and hinted at metaphorically.
Diane Ackerman	It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery, but what a savage and beautiful country lies in between.
Diane Ackerman	I don't want to be a passenger in my own life.
Diane Ackerman	I'm certainly not opposed to digital technology, whose graces I daily enjoy and rely on in so many ways. But I worry about our virtual blinders.
Diane Ackerman	Because we can't escape our ancient hunger to live close to nature, we encircle the house with lawns and gardens, install picture windows, adopt pets and Boston ferns, and scent everything that touches our lives.
Diane Ackerman	For better or worse, zoos are how most people come to know big or exotic animals. Few will ever see wild penguins sledding downhill to sea on their bellies, giant pandas holding bamboo lollipops in China or tree porcupines in the Canadian Rockies, balled up like giant pine cones.
Diane Ackerman	We're dabbling in eugenics all the time, breeding ideal crops to replace less aesthetic or nutritious or hardy varieties; leveling forests to graze cattle or erect shopping malls and condos; planting groves of a few familiar trees that homeowners and industries prefer.
Diane Ackerman	Look in the mirror. The face that pins you with its double gaze reveals a chastening secret.
Diane Ackerman	Nature is more like a seesaw than a crystal, a never-ending conga line of bold moves and corrections.
Diane Ackerman	As people flock to urban centers where ground space is limited, cities with green walls and roofs and skyscraper farms offer improved health and well-being, renewable resources, reliable food supply, and relief to the environment.
Diane Ackerman	Complexity excites the mind, and order rewards it. In the garden, one finds both, including vanishingly small orders too complex to spot, and orders so vast the mind struggles to embrace them.
Diane Ackerman	When a hurricane thrashes the mid-Atlantic, my hilly town often reaps the fringe of the storm. The rain starts blowing sideways, and sometimes we see hail the size of purie marbles.
Diane Farr	I look a little bit like Barbie and talk a little bit like Ken. It's easier for me to sit in the middle of the boys' club than to be surrounded by people concerned about getting their hair and nails done.
Diane Farr	I began auditioning for acting jobs at the ripe old age of 12. Thirty years later, including a 15-year run on television, I sometimes just get offers for work. Often, however, I am still required to run pell-mell around Los Angeles or New York, interviewing for film and TV jobs.
Diane Farr	I used to teach acting in a maximum security men's prison. I worked with guys with the most dysfunctional behavior problems. I probably learned more there than from my prestigious theater degree.
Diane Farr	Sometimes I even feel funny to say I'm in a biracial marriage because people are like, 'Oh, he's Asian?' The subtext is, 'Who cares? You didn't marry a black person.'
Diane Farr	My parents really did believe in the Golden Rule. They really did believe that all people should be treated equally. They had friends of every culture, we celebrated different holidays, but really, secretly behind it, they had no problem telling me who I couldn't marry.
Diane Farr	I judge preschool teachers and actresses shamelessly. The first five minutes I meet them.
Diane Farr	I did not work out while I was pregnant. I felt like I was having symptoms of a heart attack every time I worked out, so I enjoyed eating like a third grader and gained 55 pounds!
Diane Garnick	Accounting does not make corporate earnings or balance sheets more volatile. Accounting just increases the transparency of volatility in earnings.
Diane Garnick	One of the biggest challenges is for women to find an organization that's willing to accept them back after they leave the work force to raise children without taking a cut in compensation and responsibility.
Diane Garnick	In some instances, alimony has become akin to a social-welfare program provided by working women to their ex-husbands.
Diane Garnick	I'm delighted to be joining INVESCO, an organization that has been growing both in terms of assets under management and the breadth of investment capabilities offered. I see great potential in working with the accomplished investment centers within INVESCO and providing expertise to help develop strategic solutions for our clients.
Diane Mott Davidson	Catering is extremely demanding financially and physically. It's a business.
Diane Mott Davidson	I told the caterer I'd work for nothing if he'd teach me about catering. I lasted one week full-time. It was exhausting.
Diane Mott Davidson	I write in the morning - and then I'm always experimenting and tasting recipes for the books.
Diane Mott Davidson	When I make a recipe for the first time and it's fabulous, I know I'm in trouble because I don't know exactly what I did, and I can't replicate it.
Diane Mott Davidson	One thing that improved my cooking skills was being a poor student in California... If you don't have much money, you have to learn to cook.
Diane Mott Davidson	Writing is work and cooking is relaxing.
Diane Mott Davidson	What one's goal should be is just to become a better writer and to tell different kinds of stories.
Diane Mott Davidson	After I outlined 'Catering to Nobody,' I went and worked for a caterer. And the other thing I had to do was to talk to the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department about how they investigated a crime.
Diane Mott Davidson	I like cream cheese in just about anything.
Diane Mott Davidson	I wanted to be a literary writer, so I wrote story after story and sent them to 'The New Yorker.'
Diane Mott Davidson	I'm always astonished to see how badly people can behave when they think no one is noticing.
Diane Mott Davidson	In a mystery, the sleuth must be believably involved and emotionally invested in solving the crime.
Diane Mott Davidson	The main thing I look for in a recipe is taste, which is different from caterers and restaurants, who first ask 'How does it look?'
Diane Mott Davidson	When I started to write culinary mysteries, I did it because nobody was doing it anymore.
Diane Mott Davidson	The thing is, if you make best-sellerdom your goal, you're going to be in trouble. It's a very nice thing to have happen, but if one makes that a goal like, say, a literary writer has the goal of getting the Pulitzer Prize, that's so unpredictable.
Dianna Agron	I think it's important to keep your personal life to yourself as much as you can. It protects your sanity and you need to have boundaries. And it helps that enchantment of watching an actor. If you know someone's favourite colour or what they like to do on a Sunday, you won't fall for the character as much.
Dianna Agron	My goal has always been not to look forward to the next thing, but to relish and celebrate the successes I have at the moment. Whether it's landing a part in a student film or having a good day in acting class, I never discredit anything.
Dianna Agron	What I fell in love with as a child was 'My Fair Lady,' 'Funny Face,' 'American in Paris,' and 'Singin' in the Rain.' Just perfect movies to me and I was dancing. I started ballet when I was three. And I fell in love with those movies and fell in love with Audrey Hepburn and Leslie Caron.
Dianna Agron	I feel as if I go to Africa, I may never come back. I'm just going to live with the animals and adopt an elephant, and it's going to be my friend.
Dianna Agron	With every job I've gotten, I've bought myself something. When 'Glee' was picked up, I rented a piano for the year. For smaller victories, I'll go to dinner with a friend, or go for a walk and think about it all. It's important to say to yourself, Today was a good day.
Dianna Agron	Sometimes there are paparazzi that take photos and you don't know they're there. So you're laughing, kicking up your heels and doing silly things. You don't even realize it. And then there's other times where they're two feet away from your face and it's invasive and it feels threatening, so you don't want to be smiling.
Dianna Agron	Once a month, try something you don't think you'd be good at. You can find such happy surprises.
Dianna Agron	Keep going on hikes, keep having your friends in your life, keep that downtime sacred as well because as hard as you work in any job, it's really nice to have the relaxing de-stressors. Stress is the worst thing. That's the ultimate demise of any good thing.
Dianna Agron	Growing up I wanted to be a mixture of Audrey Hepburn and Lucille Ball. Apparently I told my mum when I was eight that I wanted to be an actor.
Dianna Agron	I think that as an artist, the more that you can do to diversify, and kind of challenge yourself, the more you grow.
Dianna Agron	Sometimes I feel people can move past what they've grown up around and their surroundings while in a place and some people need closure after they've left and then coming back. I've seen it happen with people I knew growing up that hated each other, and then years later you go home and you see them walking down the street and they have babies.
Dianna Agron	Every day is an opportunity to fall or hurt yourself.
Dianna Agron	I think that people vibe off your energy and I'm a pretty mellow person.
Dianna Agron	I used to wear more makeup, but I've learned to enjoy being natural.
Dianna Agron	Going from sharing a one-bedroom place to living in a loft to two people living in a house to me having my own place by myself has kind of mirrored my career... small steps to bigger, to bigger, to now having a steady job.
Dianna Agron	Having a dance background, I became used to rejection at an early age. Dance is very competitive, especially for a sensitive person like me. But I realized it's better not to take it so seriously. If you beat yourself up, it's hard to keep going.
Dianna Agron	Well I've also kind of noticed that, whatever energy that you put out, is kind of the energy that you receive. And so people are just really lovely and kind and soft spoken with me.
Dianna Agron	I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.
Dianna Agron	I have equal parts film and digital cameras in my collection. I think that there are ways to Photoshop photos so that they look like you shot them on film, but is that as rewarding? It just depends on the person.
Dianna Agron	If I'm traveling, I'll take a film camera and a digital camera because sometimes there are moments where, if you've lost it, or if coming back and it accidentally goes through the X-ray machine and it gets overexposed, you might have had a really important moment to you and you would be really upset that you didn't have a back-up.
Dianna Agron	There are two types of paparazzi. The ones who hide who get you with your mouth hanging wide open or jumping up and down like an idiot on the street. I much prefer them to the ones who come out and follow you.
Dianna Agron	What a world we live in. I want to be incredibly close to the heart of it all. To live honestly, truthfully and to be completely present is the ultimate enterprise.
Dianna Agron	What's great is that starting a blog can get you lot of attention for your writing. But it doesn't have to be for anybody other than yourself.
Dianna Agron	Painting, drawing - I'm really into photography, I've done it since high school.
Dianna Agron	I didn't take the typical path and go to college after high school. Instead, I saved up money from teaching dance classes and moved to L.A. But my family was so supportive - I never felt pressure from them. It's crucial to find a support system, even if it's not your family.
Dianne Feinstein	Banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all Americans to feel safe.
Dianne Feinstein	'No Child Left Behind' requires states and school districts to ensure that all students are learning and are reaching their highest potential. Special education students should not be left out of these accountability mechanisms.
Dianne Feinstein	The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.
Dianne Feinstein	Our climate is changing. The Earth's climate has, in fact, warmed by 1.1 to 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit since the industrial revolution. People look at this and say: Oh, that is not very much. In fact, it is very much, and it changes the dynamic. It impacts species. It kills some. It diminishes the carbon sink of the ocean. It does a number of things.
Dianne Feinstein	Let me say this: I believe closing Guantanamo is in our Nation's national security interest. Guantanamo is used not only by al-Qaida, but also by other nations, governments, and individuals - people good and bad - as a symbol of America's abuse of Muslims, and it is fanning the flames of anti-Americanism around the world.
Dianne Feinstein	Today we have a health insurance industry where the first and foremost goal is to maximize profits for shareholders and CEOs, not to cover patients who have fallen ill or to compensate doctors and hospitals for their services. It is an industry that is increasingly concentrated and where Americans are paying more to receive less.
Dianne Feinstein	I basically believe the medical insurance industry should be nonprofit, not profit-making. There is no way a health reform plan will work when it is implemented by an industry that seeks to return money to shareholders instead of using that money to provide health care.
Dianne Feinstein	Global warming is real. It is happening today. It is being charted by our satellites. It is being charted by our scientists. It is being charted by those of us in this body, and I think the real key is if we are ready to admit that fact and take the action to make the necessary conversion.
Dianne Feinstein	Instead of starting a new nuclear arms race, now is the time to reclaim our Nation's position of leadership on nuclear nonproliferation efforts.
Dianne Feinstein	Ports are the gaping hole in America's homeland security.
Dianne Feinstein	Winning may not be everything, but losing has little to recommend it.
Dianne Feinstein	You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play it better than anyone else.
Dianne Feinstein	The time has come to repeal 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.' It is the right thing to do. Every American should have the opportunity to serve their country, regardless of race, sex, creed, or sexual orientation.
Dianne Feinstein	Rogue internet pharmacies continue to pose a serious threat to the health and safety of Americans. Simply put, a few unethical physicians and pharmacists have become drug suppliers to a nation.
Dianne Feinstein	Survival is nothing more than recovery.
Dianne Feinstein	Women have begun to see that if I go through that doorway, I take everybody through it.
Dianne Feinstein	Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want.
Dianne Feinstein	Toughness doesn't have to come in a pinstripe suit.
Dianne Feinstein	It is my belief that tax credits only go to people who are making money, and they generally keep it.
Dianne Feinstein	Well, that day is gone, and it will not occur again.
Dianne Feinstein	It is my hope that the number of stem cell lines available for federally-funded research will be expanded so that the government can continue to participate in this vital research and provide hope to the millions of Americans with diseases that might be cured.
Dianne Feinstein	We have a chance to wind down and expedite the removal of 96 percent of the world's nuclear weapons. What an achievement it would be, if at the end of the next administration, we could say that the nuclear arsenals of both Russia and the United States had been reduced to the barest minimums.
Dianne Feinstein	For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities.
Dick Dale	Every song is like a painting.
Dick Dale	There's a saying. If you want someone to love you forever, buy a dog, feed it and keep it around.
Dick Dale	I'm a perfectionist. I'm not going to cheat the people.
Dick Dale	I'll just tell you the way it is. You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock.
Dick Dale	I called it Rockabilly 'cause I was rocking the strums, which you're not supposed to do.
Dick Dale	Guitar Player Magazine says Dick Dale is the father of Heavy Metal, blowing up 48 amplifiers, creating the first power amplifier.
Dick Dale	I met Leo Fender, who is the guru of all amplifiers, and he gave me a Stratocaster. He became a second father to me.
Dick Dale	I learned everything by ear and played all the different instruments. So then I was able to find a guitar. That was, like, in the seventh grade. And then I didn't know how to put my fingers on all the different strings, so I had to figure out how to do it upside down and backwards, and I still play that way today.
Dick Dale	You know, music is sex. It's a sensual driving mode that affects people if it's played a certain way.
Dick Dale	Buddy Rich was one of the most incredible technicians in the world, on this planet, but the only people he could really impress, who knew what he was doing was another musician or another drummer.
Dick Dale	I've got holes in my guitar.
Dick Dale	I grew a love for helpless, defenseless things. People would give me lions and jaguars. I had cheetahs, monkeys.
Dick Dale	I almost had to have my leg amputated because of an infection.
Dick Dale	Jimi was a good guy 'til he got into drugs. That's the way it is. I just tell it like it is.
Dick Dale	My aunt played the piano and I used to sit and listen to it.
Dick Dale	I used to be a mean maniac. Someone once threw a firecracker at a show and I jumped off the side of the stage and whacked 'em on the side of the head.
Dick Dale	As a little kid I had a girlfriend, and her boyfriend used to beat me up, so then I used to sing these songs, and that's what it's all about. Country music is all about your heart and your people and things like that.
Dick Dale	I actually first picked up an ukulele before I picked up a guitar.
Dick Dale	My uncle gave me a trumpet, but I loved the Louis Armstrong sound and the Harry James sound and I played by ear and I played always soulful or very direct from the gut.
Dick Dale	I don't play pyrotechnic scales. I play about frustration, patience, anger. Music is an extension of my soul.
Dick Dale	My philosophy is the thicker the wood the thicker the sound, the bigger the string the bigger the sound. My smallest string is a 14 gauge.
Dick Dale	I always felt people should live with animals.
Dick Dale	I became stereotyped.
Dick Dale	I can play every instrument there is, every horn, I've played all the saxes and trumpets and everything and keyboards.
Dick Dale	I don't claim to be a musician, I didn't go to Julliard.
Dick Ebersol	Out all of these zillions of letters, one of the first ones that came was, as it turned out from Johnny Carson within the last five or six weeks of his life. I had worked with him. He lost a son who had worked for me.
Dick Ebersol	The definition of winning has become distorted. If winning the rights to a property brings with it hundreds of millions of dollars in losses, what have you won? When faced with the prospect of heavy financial losses, we have consistently walked away and have done so again.
Dick Ebersol	I will never be cynical again about people.
Dick Ebersol	I live more than anything else to produce the Games.
Dick Ebersol	I was never really a big presence in the home.
Dick Ebersol	If there's anything that is the center of my career both creatively and emotionally, it's the Olympics.
Dick Ebersol	The second host that I had was an actress I didn't know named Susan St. James.
Dick Ebersol	You want to do Olympics just like you do a pro football game or a basketball game? Be my guest. Watch it all fade away.
Dick Ebersol	The Olympics were produced absolutely the same way from 1960 through 1988. It was always the Western World against the Eastern Bloc. You didn't even have to spend one second developing the character of any of the Eastern Bloc athletes. It was just good guys and bad guys.
Dick Ebersol	She says that I wore some pretty sexy leather pants to that first meeting, but I don't remember.
Diedrich Bader	Doing animation is closer to pretending than anything else you get to do. It's much more like when you're a kid putting on a character.
Diedrich Bader	I like playing a guy who wears pants as opposed to shorts.
Diedrich Bader	Really, voice-over is great. If it paid as much as on camera work, it's all I'd ever do.
Diedrich Bader	I remember how, when I lived in Paris, there was a McDonald's, and I'd always see Americans eating there and think, 'Why do they come all the way to Paris and eat at McDonald's?'
Diedrich Bader	One of the defining things about my career on camera is I like to play different characters. That gets difficult to do. People don't trust you to do something different. In animation, it's all about trust and how far can you go away from yourself. It's a really marvelous environment that's extremely creative.
Diedrich Bader	When I was a kid and we first moved to the states I used to watch 'Batman' all the time - with Adam West. I finally got to work with him years ago, and I totally geeked out.
Diedrich Bader	Working on a sitcom and improv improves your comedic chops. If you do it long enough, the one thing you learn to do is listen to the other characters.
Diedrich Bader	When you're in Hollywood, you get sort of jaded about what you think the sense of humor of Hollywood is supposed to be, so you can't think outside the box.
Dimebag Darrell	Music drives you. It wakes you up, it gets you pumping. And, at the end of the day, the correct tune will chill you down.
Dimebag Darrell	When I tried to play something and screwed up, I'd hear some other note that would come into play. Then I started trying different things to find the beauty in it.
Dimebag Darrell	Lessons didn't really work out for me, so I went to the old school, listening to records and learning what I wanted to learn.
Dimebag Darrell	Between the record companies being the way they are and the fact that people can just download one song instead of buying a whole album, it's hard to make a good living nowadays.
Dimebag Darrell	Musicians tend to get bored playing the same thing over and over, so I think it's natural to experiment.
Dimebag Darrell	If you improvise a riff and the crowd immediately reacts to it, you know you're on to something.
Dimebag Darrell	The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book.
Dimebag Darrell	We still get those kind of cats coming out to our shows. Once you're into it, you're into it for a lifetime.
Dimebag Darrell	My heroes were Eddie Van Halen - especially after Van Halen I, II, III, and IV - Randy Rhoads, Ace Frehley and dudes like that. My brother played drums and we jammed in the garage and started writing our own stuff.
Dimebag Darrell	I used to skip school and paint my face with Ace Frehley Kiss make-up.
Dimebag Darrell	Always have a collection of your favorite CDs with you.
Dimebag Darrell	Every song is different.
Dimebag Darrell	I was more influenced by players like Randy Rhoads and Eddie Van Halen than by the guys in southern rock bands.
Dimebag Darrell	I would just listen to records and learn what I could, then just roll it over and over and over.
Dimebag Darrell	It kills me when I see some metal band trying to pass themselves off as an 'alternative band.'
Dimebag Darrell	The worst advice I ever received from my dad was to play by the book. My old man used to flip out whenever I would try to branch out and do something different. Although he didn't do it on purpose, he really held me back in the beginning.
Dimebag Darrell	To get my sound in the studio, I double guitar tracks, and when it gets to the lead parts, the rhythm drops out, just like it's live. I'm very conscious of that.
Dimebag Darrell	Pantera is the only band I've ever been in, and at the start we used to play covers to make a living.
Dimebag Darrell	A lot of bands whine about the road and how tough it is.
Dimebag Darrell	I was lucky enough to get to see guys like Bugs Henderson, Jimmy Wallace, all those great Texas blues players.
Dimebag Darrell	My old man was a musician - that's what he did for a living. And like most fathers, occasionally he'd let me visit where he worked. So I started going to his recording studio, and I really dug it.
Dinesh D'Souza	A bigot is simply a sociologist without credentials.
Dinesh D'Souza	Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.
Dinesh D'Souza	Never assume, no matter how strong the temptation, that other people are low-life lying manipulators without a shred of human decency.
Dinesh D'Souza	Anti-Americanism from abroad would not be such a problem if Americans were united in standing up for their own country.
Dinesh D'Souza	Blacks' problems lie not in the heads of white people but rather in the wasted and incompletely fulfilled lives of too many black people.
Dinesh D'Souza	I believe the most compelling explanation of Obama's actions is that he is, just like his father, an anti-colonialist.
Dinesh D'Souza	Obama has little or nothing to do with the civil-rights movement. His roots are in Kenya, and he is shaped far more by anti-colonialism than by anything that Martin Luther King said or did.
Dinesh D'Souza	Christianity teaches that this life is not the only life, and there is a final judgment in which all earthly accounts are settled.
Dinesh D'Souza	If you want to understand what is going on in the White House today, you have to begin with Barack Obama.
Dinesh D'Souza	For me, victory isn't measured by winning in the traditional sense.
Dinesh D'Souza	Christianity is the fastest-growing religion in the world; Islam is the second. It's spreading in Asia, Africa, and South America. So the world is in a kind of religious revival, and the atheists are totally flummoxed. They thought they were winning, and now they see that they aren't.
Dinesh D'Souza	I think, with Obama and the progressives, you've seen a massive expansion of big government, and it's all based on a moral premise. The moral premise is that wealth is theft. And I don't just mean the wealth of America, I mean, your wealth, my wealth.
Dinesh D'Souza	This point seems counter-intuitive, given the amount of conspicuous vulgarity, vice, and immorality in America. Indeed some Islamic fundamentalists argue that their regimes are morally superior to the United States because they seek to foster virtue among the citizens.
Dinesh D'Souza	America is simultaneously the most attractive and most repulsive place on the planet. It is most loved and most hated.
Dinesh D'Souza	Barack Obama is the most antibusiness president in a generation, perhaps in American history.
Dinesh D'Souza	I love America, but I chose America.
Dinesh D'Souza	Other countries have been founded by 'accidents of force.' America is a creation of thought.
Dinesh D'Souza	I came to America at the age of 17 as an exchange student, and a year later, I was a student at Dartmouth. I would say that the rather weak foundation of my Christianity was effectively battered at Dartmouth. I've had mostly a secular career. But I became intellectually interested in Christianity again in my mid-30s.
Dinesh D'Souza	I was a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) in Washington, and my neighbor was Michael Novak, a theologian and philosopher who has written about issues like the morality of capitalism and the Christian roots of free markets. It's possible to be fascinated intellectually with the Christian heritage without being devout.
Dinesh D'Souza	O.K., if the desire to knock America off its pedestal, to redistribute American income to other countries, to shrink America's footprint in the world, makes you anti-American, then Obama is in fact anti-American.
Dinesh D'Souza	There are some who invoke separation of church and state - to try to get the government out of the business of morality - but this is antithetical to what the founders wanted. The founders wanted to keep theology out of government so that government could focus on the proper business of morality.
Dinesh D'Souza	Whenever a Gujarati or Sikh businessman comes to a Republican event, it begins with an appeal to Jesus Christ. While the Democrats are really good at making the outsider feel at home, the Republicans make little or no effort.
Dinesh D'Souza	If Obama came by his liberalism in the faculty lounge, then sure, he can see it hasn't worked, and he can modify it. But if Obama got his formative ideas when he was very young, and if they are the result of his traumatic relationship with his father, then they are built into his psyche.
Dinesh D'Souza	The scary thing is a dramatic erosion of American position in the world - its economic, military position, as well as America's influence. Obama is not the man at the wheel desperately trying to conserve American power, influence and wealth. For ideological reasons, he wants the slipping to continue. He's actually the architect of it.
Dinesh D'Souza	Christianity is the very root and foundation of Western civilization.
Diora Baird	I've done everything from cater, wait tables, pre-school teacher, painting, to being Cinderella, Elmo, a clown, nanny, selling hair... I would do kid's parties and entertain and do magic and paint faces and balloon animals. The highlight of my life.
Diora Baird	My only advice is don't tattoo some guy's name on yourself. Ever. I've done it twice. Twice! I'm in the process of getting both removed. It's the most painful thing imaginable.
Diora Baird	'Texas Chainsaw Massacre' is just one of those movies that's like a page of history. You can't really go wrong. It's a prequel. It's not like number three. Which is really cool, to be the before as opposed to the after.
Diora Baird	I don't have a publicist, I don't go to events, I don't do magazines, and it's just not my life.
Diora Baird	I'm aware that people see me as a sex symbol. But I know I can act.
Diora Baird	With comedy, I like to not rehearse and just have fun with it, because I think being spontaneous is the best thing for a comedy, in my opinion.
Diora Baird	Your mind can do wonders, so scary movies are not the healthiest for me because it does freak me out.
DMX	I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me.
DMX	Every day, I get closer to God. Every day, my will to do the right thing gets stronger.
DMX	An important and fundamental premise of the American judicial system is the presumption of innocence, that is until proven guilty.
DMX	Do dirt, get dirt. So I treat people with the same respect that I want.
DMX	The truth doesn't change. It was the same when Moses got the Ten Commandments as it is today. That's the thing about the truth. That's the thing about real. It doesn't change and it doesn't have to change. Now you can put it in a different book, but it's still real. It's still the truth.
DMX	I'm a blessing to whoever gets to really know me.
DMX	I'm a King. Regardless of what I've been through and what I've done, I present myself as a King. And I get that respect from people, from everybody I deal with. I worked my whole life to establish that respect and make sure I get that respect.
DMX	My relationship with God has gotten so much stronger. He's always had his hand on me. He always guided me. I didn't always go where he wanted me to go. But He always had me. Now that I'm actually listening and being obedient, life is so much better.
DMX	I'm not going to disrespect you, don't disrespect me.
DMX	It's a waste of energy to think about what somebody else is doing and how they doing it. I'ma just do what I do.
DMX	Anything that's not positive, I don't have the energy to focus on it. Anything that's not going in the right direction, I don't have the time or the energy.
DMX	To me, it isn't tight sweaters. That's not what rap is. That's not hip-hop at all. Every phase went through changing up their dress styles and all that, but since Run DMC came out, it's been baggy jeans.
DMX	Somebody's upset with every movie.
DMX	I used to do the beat box. A friend of mine, he was the rapper and after, we'd be doing a block party or something or a house party, and he's gettin' all the attention and I'd end up with a handful of spit, you know, from doing the beats.
DMX	I don't walk around big headed. I'm not a superstar.
DMX	When you happy ,you get locked in sleep. You get sleepy happy. I always wanna be on point. I always wanna be aware.
DMX	I can reach people the average person can't reach because I'm as grounded as I am.
DMX	I don't like anything about Drake.
DMX	There's a difference between violence and senseless violence.
DMX	I been the same dude my whole life.
DMX	I think I'm gonna wear Timberlands until I die, man. They may not be the hottest thing out, but Timbs keep reinventing themselves.
DMX	I'm glad that young black people are successful with the music. I'm not a hater.
DMX	I feel like Sony appreciates good music from a talented artist.
DMX	I'm used to driving fast; I'm a New Yorker.
DMX	My mom put me away at 7. I enjoyed it... Being in institutions, I got three meals a day, clothes.
Dolly Parton	The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton	I thank God for my failures. Maybe not at the time but after some reflection. I never feel like a failure just because something I tried has failed.
Dolly Parton	I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Dolly Parton	We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
Dolly Parton	The only way I'd be caught without makeup is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between makeup at home. I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue.
Dolly Parton	If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
Dolly Parton	Adjusting to the passage of time, I think, is a key to success and to life: just being able to roll with the punches.
Dolly Parton	I feel that sin and evil are the negative part of you, and I think it's like a battery: you've got to have the negative and the positive in order to be a complete person.
Dolly Parton	I wanted to write a book that talked about the emotions of children, which is the rainbow. We all have moods. We talk about being blue when we're sad, and being yellow when we're cowards, and when we're mad, we're red.
Dolly Parton	My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.
Dolly Parton	Every single diet I ever fell off of was because of potatoes and gravy of some sort.
Dolly Parton	You don't see too many atheists on the deathbed. They all start cramming then.
Dolly Parton	No matter what, I always make it home for Christmas. I love to go to my Tennessee Mountain Home and invite all of my nieces and nephews and their spouses and kids and do what we all like to do - eat, laugh, trade presents and just enjoy each other... and sometimes I even dress up like Santa Claus!
Dolly Parton	You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.
Dolly Parton	I'm no natural beauty. If I'm gonna have any looks at all, I'm gonna have to create them.
Dolly Parton	You'll never do a whole lot unless you're brave enough to try.
Dolly Parton	When I'm home, I spend Sunday with my husband. If we're not cooking, we travel around in our camper, stop at fast-food restaurants, and picnic. We love that stuff that will harden your arteries in a hurry.
Dolly Parton	God tells us not to judge one another, no matter what anyone's sexual preferences are or if they're black, brown or purple.
Dolly Parton	Storms make trees take deeper roots.
Dolly Parton	Songwriting is my way of channeling my feelings and my thoughts. Not just mine, but the things I see, the people I care about. My head would explode if I didn't get some of that stuff out.
Dolly Parton	A lot of dreams can turn to nightmares... if you don't really work them.
Dolly Parton	When I'm inspired, I get excited because I can't wait to see what I'll come up with next.
Dolly Parton	I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids.
Dolly Parton	I don't like to give advice. I like to give people information because everyone's life is different, and everyone's journey is different.
Dolly Parton	I say, 'Yeah, Taylor Swift.' I think she is a smart, beautiful girl. I think she's making all the right moves. She's got a good head on her shoulders. She's surrounded with wonderful people. Her songs are great. She keeps herself anchored. She knows who she is, and she's living and standing by that.
Dolores Ibarruri	It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
Dolores Ibarruri	It is better to be the widow of a hero than the wife of a coward.
Dolores Ibarruri	It is better to kill one hundred innocents than to let one guilty person go.
Dolores Ibarruri	Better to die on one's feet than to live on one's knees.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	The more experiences you can have as an individual makes you a fuller person and a fuller actor.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	I always thought on my own that what is a huge part of being an actor, or what made me a better actor, was just really living life. Not being closed in on life, but being more open to experiences and to people and taking risks and exposing yourself to things.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	I was very protected growing up. My dad was very strict with me. I was the oldest of four kids, and there are three girls. So I kind of paved the way of what it was like to raise a teenage daughter.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	To me ,acting is all about hard work and talent. Once you get your first wrinkle, if you are a female actress, nobody will care about what you look like - it's all about what you can do.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	I love acting. I take it day by day. I would really love to produce my own stuff and other stuff.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	I was actually born in Miami. We would spend the summers there growing up, so it's like my second home.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	Both my parents came with their parents during the revolution in Cuba. Both my parents were born in Cuba. They left everything over there. My family got stripped of everything - of their land, of their jobs, everything.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	I grew up on film sets and I had a ball. It wouldn't have had nearly as much fun if my dad had been working behind a desk somewhere. I remember being on the set of 'The Godfather: Part III,' and all the kids were running around and doing crazy things, and Francis Ford Coppola just embraced that.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	My dad always produces, and I would always sit in producers' meetings with him. I like the whole thing of putting a movie together. I think that's very exciting.
Dominik Garcia-Lorido	My mom can cook really good Cuban food, so we go eat there on the regular. And the Cuban coffee - you know how you drink coffee at a really young age.
Don Adams	I am a quick study - I can memorize a script in an hour - but I can't remember a name three seconds. I've even forgotten my wife's name on occasion.
Don Adams	I like getting married, but I don't like being married.
Don Adams	Maxwell is serious, dedicated, awkward, forgetful, pompous to a certain degree, sentimental.
Don Adams	I've been paying alimony since I was 14 and child support since 15. That's a joke, but not by much.
Don Adams	I did movie star impressions as a kid in high school. Somehow they just got out of hand.
Don Adams	Sometimes I wonder how I got into comedy at all.
Don Adams	I was married awfully young and I felt trapped. My wife had been divorced and all the time we were married we were out of the Church. It wasn't until we were divorced that we became good Catholics again.
Don Adams	It was a special show that became a cult classic of sorts, and I made a lot of money for it.
Don Imus	I regret the times I've been mean to people... It's fine to pick on people who can defend themselves and deserve it. Some people don't deserve to be picked on who I picked on, so I don't do it anymore.
Don Imus	I'm in a unique position - I can do what I want.
Don Imus	My goal is to goad people into saying something that ruins their life.
Don Imus	I talk to millions of people every day. I just like it when they can't talk back.
Don Imus	I'm Howard Stern with a vocabulary. I'm the man he wishes he could be.
Don Imus	You can't get much more liberal than John Kerry is. I mean, he's my candidate, but, I mean, come on.
Don Imus	I wonder about guys like Sean Hannity, Keith Olbermann and Mark Levin. They're on such a mission. I mean, I love Hannity and Levin to death, but on the radio they're insane. How can you keep that up?
Donald Fagen	When you get a groove going, time flies.
Donald Fagen	I took some lessons as a kid but trained myself by ear. I did it the way jazz musicians used to learn years ago, which is to play records and slow them down to figure out the notes. At first I tried to imitate Red Garland, who was my favorite jazz pianist.
Donald Fagen	I have a critical nature, in the sense that when I look at something I often look for the flaws.
Donald Fagen	I had trouble distinguishing art from life. I don't now, and I feel much better!
Donald Fagen	What do you do with what you're given, and how do you transform it into something worthwhile?
Donald Fagen	Anthemic rock music is inherently fascist - anything intended to move huge masses of people is politically offensive to me.
Donald Fagen	Popularity has everything to do with business and nothing to do with music.
Donald Fagen	People are usually afraid to say what's on their mind.
Donald Fagen	I like it when songs develop in some way. Four minutes usually isn't enough time for something to develop musically.
Donald Fagen	We're not getting any younger.
Donald Fagen	I've never been comfortable as a lead performer, and I never wanted to be a singer, particularly.
Donald Fagen	My style is a little quirky. I can't play as fast as most professional jazz players.
Donald Fagen	Randy Newman seemed like an even worse singer than me. I liked Ray Charles, Levi Stubbs, Jack Jones, Joe Tex, Wilson Pickett.
Donald Fagen	My writing is really intuitive. As a kid, I went to school in New Jersey and hung out in New York, so the way kids used to talk got into our earlier songs.
Donald L. Carcieri	The place of exciting innovation - where the action is - that's Rhode Island!
Donald L. Carcieri	The recipe for success is a tried and true one here in Rhode Island - innovation, reform, public service.
Donald L. Carcieri	Healthy disagreement, debate, leading to compromise has always been the American way.
Donald L. Carcieri	We are already too dependent on gambling revenue. If we continue, we will soon be owned by them.
Donald L. Carcieri	My message tonight is a simple one - the journey is getting exciting and this great state is on the move.
Donald L. Carcieri	Good schools underpin not only our economy, but the social fabric of our lives.
Donald Trump	Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Donald Trump	Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
Donald Trump	Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Donald Trump	You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Donald Trump	It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
Donald Trump	What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Donald Trump	Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Donald Trump	Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Donald Trump	With out passion you don't have energy, with out energy you have nothing.
Donald Trump	If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
Donald Trump	I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Donald Trump	When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.
Donald Trump	In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Donald Trump	Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.
Donald Trump	I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.
Donald Trump	I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.
Donald Trump	The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
Donald Trump	It's always good to be underestimated.
Donald Trump	Well, I am a Republican, and I would run as a Republican. And I have a lot of confidence in the Republican Party. I don't have a lot of confidence in the president. I think what's happening to this country is unbelievably bad. We're no longer a respected country.
Donald Trump	I mean, there's no arguing. There is no anything. There is no beating around the bush. 'You're fired' is a very strong term.
Donald Trump	Everything in life is luck.
Donald Trump	But I believe in fair trade, and I will tell you, I have many, many friends heading up corporations, and people that do just business in China, they say it's virtually impossible. It's very, very hard to come into China. And yet, we welcome them with open arms.
Donald Trump	I think Ronald Reagan was one of the great presidents, period, not just recently. I thought he had the demeanor. I thought he had the bearing. I thought he had the thought process.
Donald Trump	You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.
Donald Trump	As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Donna Edwards	I was married for a little while. I chose to be married. Then I chose not to be. But in the state of Maryland, I could... That should be the case for all Marylanders.
Donna Edwards	We're not perfect. We're a work in progress. But man, America has gotten a lot of things right.
Donna Edwards	I was eleventh-grade class president. That was the first elective office I held until I came into Congress.
Donna Edwards	I won in a primary, so I understand primary fights.
Donna Edwards	No day is alike, nor should it be.
Donna Edwards	Every bit of our lives revolves around how we get from one place to another and how long it's going to take to get there and what time of day you have to leave to do it.
Donna Edwards	I go to church too, y'all. And I've heard it, too. And I want to say to all of our faith leaders out there that I understand that probably in my Baptist church in Maryland, it is not likely that there will be performed - in my church - gay marriages.
Donna Edwards	Power is getting things done without having to demonstrate that you can bulldoze it through. I'm most effective when I've studied an issue, when I can make a credible argument, and then bring people along.
Donna Edwards	When my colleagues went to endorse Rob Garagiola, nobody asked me for my opinion about that. And I didn't ask anybody else. I did what I thought was the right thing to do, and I made a decision, just like they did.
Donnie Iris	I get a lot of inspiration from the audience feedback to our live shows.
Donnie Iris	I think getting the rest of the guys in the band to write is important.
Donnie Iris	I've always thought of myself as being extremely lucky. The idea is to keep that luck going. Headlining the Stanley was a real kick. I think it's the type of thing I could get used to.
Donovan Bailey	Follow your passion, be prepared to work hard and sacrifice, and, above all, don't let anyone limit your dreams.
Donovan Bailey	Every kid needs a mentor. Everybody needs a mentor.
Donovan Bailey	I'd like to be a more consistent starter. I'd like a smoother transition from crouching to running. I have to learn to relax during a race and how to breathe.
Donovan Bailey	I was working in corporate Canada and I was doing all right. But I was burnt out... Long hours, a lot of clients. I just wanted to get away. Track and field was sort of like the elimination thing. I just wanted to go and do something. Exercise my brain and my body and kind of gravitate to that.
Donovan Bailey	Always educate yourself.
Donovan Bailey	I think that every single person should play sports.
Donovan Bailey	I'll have to say winning the Olympic gold in Atlanta is a crowning achievement, along with the gold in the relay in the same games.
Donovan Bailey	You find sprinters testing other sprinters' mental capability. But these are my good friends on the track. I don't think we need to do that.
Donovan Bailey	A team sport is not very good for me, because I can't take losing.
Donovan Bailey	I love music, and a lot of it. Jazz is probably on the top with guys like Miles Davis. But I even enjoy music from the '60s and '70s.
Donovan Bailey	I do a lot of media work, I've been investing and I'm involved with real estate. It's totally different from what I had been doing but I find it challenging and fun. To be honest, I really don't miss the track. I pretty well accomplished what I set out to do and it was time to move on.
Donovan Bailey	I want to give as many Canadians the opportunity to be successful and if we can use their athletic gifts to get them a free degree or a free diploma across the border then I guess I'm doing my job.
Donovan Bailey	I'm Jamaican, man. I'm Jamaican first. You gotta understand that's where I'm from. That's home. That you can never take away from me. I'm a Jamaican-born Canadian sprinter.
Donovan Bailey	I'm a competitor.
Donovan Bailey	In running, I can internalize that intensity. I can handle it because it's me and I'm coming back in the next race. I'm always ready for the next race.
Doona Bae	My favorite subject was English, and I wanted to study English abroad when I was young, when I was a kid, but my mom said 'No, it's too dangerous to go abroad by yourself.' So I gave up.
Doona Bae	I don't know... I think I'm quite extreme... When I act, I have to immerse myself into the character... otherwise I can't act... In my private life it's the same... I think.
Dorothy Dandridge	I can't play a slave.
Dorothy Dandridge	If I were white, I could capture the world.
Dorothy Hamill	I was passionate. I found something that I loved. I could be all alone in a big old skating rink and nobody could get near me and I didn't have to talk to anybody because of my shyness. It was great. I was in my fantasy world.
Dorothy Hamill	At times, I feel overwhelmed and my depression leads me into darkness.
Dorothy Hamill	I wanted to learn how to skate backwards and they wouldn't help me and they went off and left me on my own.
Dorothy Hamill	It was very much like Norman Rockwell: small town America. We walked to school or rode our bikes, stopped at the penny candy store on the way home from school, skated on the pond.
Dorothy Hamill	Every time you go out on the ice, there are slight flaws. You can always think of something you should have done better. These are the things you must work on.
Dorothy Hamill	I was just ice skating. I had no concept of that. In those days you couldn't see the judges. I was this little person on the ice and they were just people that would stand around the boards.
Dorothy Hamill	I was a bratty little sister. I was the youngest of three, and I often felt as though I didn't fit in.
Dorothy Hamill	My coach was a great politician, so he did most of the work. He was good.
Dorothy Hamill	I always had short hair, and I hated my short hair. I was always mistaken for a boy, but my mom wouldn't let me change my hair because she was always chasing me around with a hairbrush, and it was always tangled, so she just would cut it off, and she's right: short hair did suit me.
Dorothy Hamill	I was really a spoiled brat when I was a kid skating. Meals are cooked for you, you are driven to the rink, they make costumes for you. Your parents sit around and watch admiringly while you skate. You don't have to think about anything but skating. You're just plain spoiled.
Dorothy Hamill	Luckily, I discovered ice skating when I was eight and a half years old. There were two wonderful ponds within walking distance of my house. After all the physical activity the summer provided, I craved movement in the cold of winter. I had no skates, so Mom stuffed socks into my brother's old ones.
Dorothy Hamill	Our family life, before figure skating turned it upside down, seemed normal. Our town of Riverside, Connecticut, was part of Greenwich, and we had the advantage of their wonderful community, with great beaches and beautiful parks.
Dorothy Hamill	I don't really think they saw anything in me, except the fact that I was interested in it. Some of the kids would miss a week here and miss a week there, I think they could see that I really enjoyed it.
Dorothy Hamill	In group lesson number six I think we learned how to turn backwards and then just kind of wiggle. That wasn't really skating backward, but I guess I was going in the right direction.
Dorothy Hamill	I wouldn't say that there's ever been an Olympic champion that didn't deserve to win an Olympic Gold Medal.
Dorothy Hamill	My parents didn't have a lot of money, but we never knew that. They really did the best they could.
Dorothy Hamill	Everybody has to deal with tough times. A gold medal doesn't make you immune to that. A skater is used to falling down and getting up again.
Dorothy Hamill	I don't think television really captures the speed and the power of skating.
Dorothy Hamill	I never really liked my short hair; it never occurred to me that people would want it.
Dorothy Hamill	I think Princess Diana probably had the most famous haircut, or Farrah Fawcett or Jennifer Aniston.
Dorothy Hamill	I used to have terrible tantrums. I was temperamental when I was younger. Actually, what I needed was a swift kick in the pants. What a brat!
Dorothy Hamill	I was always falling in and out of love. I was engaged when I was 16 to the first guy I ever dated, but my father told him I was too young.
Dorothy Hamill	I've made a commitment to concentrate on my career as an entertainer.
Dorothy Hamill	If I hadn't been born a woman, I would have certainly been gay.
Dorothy Hamill	If you don't know a lot about figure skating, it's easy to fall in love with ice dancing because it's so romantic and so theatrical.
Doug Davidson	I used to let a lot of unimportant things bother me. I don't anymore. Right now, things are going great in my life. It used to be when that happened, I would be waiting for something to go wrong. Now I don't expect that - if something negative does happen, I'll deal with it, learn from it and realize it is the way it is supposed to be.
Doug Davidson	My priorities are my family and my job. I have little time for much else.
Doug Davidson	I have a TV Soap Boomerang award, and I always start my year with the Australian Open tennis! Tennis, soccer, you name it.
Doug Davidson	I lost my mother, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and we had to relocate my dad after 58 years in the family home. That was tough.
Doug Davidson	If you win all the time, you lose the drama in life. To make the happy moments happy, you need the sad moments too.
Doug Davidson	My favorite tennis player, who I'm amazed by, is Roger Federer.
Doug Davidson	One of the things I think you need to be a good emcee is silliness. And I'm basically a silly guy.
Doug Davidson	I think its really matured a lot. I like the fact that there is now more to do there than gamble, since I don't do a lot of that. The people are great. I seldom have time for vacations and when I do I prefer the beach instead of the desert.
Doug Davidson	I hope that 9/11 has grouped us as one, and in doing so it has united us. Perhaps as a unit we can help each other get ahead, survive and succeed in this free world. And hey guys, let's not forget out manners!!
Doug Davidson	For me, personally, I really get a kick out of game shows. I like the play-along factor.
Doug Davidson	I always wanted to host a show, throw whipped-cream pies. Theater is not my cup of tea.
Doug Davidson	I like to sail. My son Caden and I are avid sailors.
Doug Davidson	It's much easier for me to be silly than it is to be serious on soap opera.
Doug Davidson	Father's Day was great, but all the family gatherings brought up my mother's death. Maybe it's me, because I am a wimp. We would get together, but there was someone missing!
Doug Davidson	The crew members for 'The Price Is Right' at night are the same guys who work 'Y&R' during the day. It's even in the same studio. I've been in the place for 15 years. So all the faces at 'The Price Is Right' are familiar.
Doug Davidson	We moved to a place where we felt the children could have as normal an upbringing as possible. Los Angeles was not it. We live in a place with clean air and animals.
Douglas Adams	To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.
Douglas Adams	I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
Douglas Adams	Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
Douglas Adams	Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Douglas Adams	I seldom end up where I wanted to go, but almost always end up where I need to be.
Douglas Adams	In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
Douglas Adams	A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Douglas Adams	He was a dreamer, a thinker, a speculative philosopher... or, as his wife would have it, an idiot.
Douglas Adams	I think fish is nice, but then I think that rain is wet, so who am I to judge?
Douglas Adams	There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
Douglas Adams	Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?
Douglas Adams	If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands.
Douglas Adams	I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be.
Douglas Adams	It is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it... anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Douglas Adams	It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
Douglas Adams	This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Douglas Adams	Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Douglas Adams	The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at and repair.
Douglas Adams	If somebody thinks they're a hedgehog, presumably you just give 'em a mirror and a few pictures of hedgehogs and tell them to sort it out for themselves.
Douglas Adams	You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Douglas Adams	For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
Douglas Adams	It is a rare mind indeed that can render the hitherto non-existent blindingly obvious. The cry 'I could have thought of that' is a very popular and misleading one, for the fact is that they didn't, and a very significant and revealing fact it is too.
Douglas Adams	He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.
Douglas Adams	In order to fly, all one must do is simply miss the ground.
Douglas Adams	The mere thought hadn't even begun to speculate about the merest possibility of crossing my mind.
Douglas Bader	Rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men.
Douglas Bader	I then realized my appearance was a bit odd. My right leg was no longer with me. It had caught somewhere in the top of the cockpit as I tried to leave my Spitfire.
Douglas Bader	Like the Spitfire it was immensely strong: a pilot had no need to fear the danger of pulling the wings off, no matter how desperate the situation became.
Douglas Bader	The successful pilots succeeded because they did not open fire until they were close to the target.
Douglas Bader	We were all flying around up and down the coast near Dunkirk looking for enemy aircraft which seemed also to be milling around with no particular cohesion.
Douglas Bader	The sea from Dunkirk to Dover during these days of the evacuation looked like any coastal road in England on a bank holiday. It was solid with shipping.
Douglas Fairbanks	Indeed it is possible to stand with one foot on the inevitable 'banana peel' of life with both eyes peering into the Great Beyond, and still be happy, comfortable, and serene - if we will even so much as smile.
Douglas Fairbanks	There is one thing in this good old world that is positively sure - happiness is for all who strive to be happy - and those who laugh are happy. Everybody is eligible - you - me - the other fellow. Happiness is fundamentally a state of mind - not a state of body.
Douglas Fairbanks	Real laughter is spontaneous. Like water from the spring it bubbles forth a creation of mingled action and spontaneity - two magic potions in themselves - the very essence of laughter - the unrestrained emotion within us!
Douglas Fairbanks	Mind you, physical training doesn't necessarily mean going to an expert for advice. One doesn't have to make a mountain out of a molehill. Get out in the fresh air and walk briskly - and don't forget to wear a smile while you're at it. Don't over-do. Take it easy at first and build on your effort day by day.
Douglas Fairbanks	Self-depreciation is a disease. Once it gets a hold on us - good-bye!
Douglas Fairbanks	The man that's out to do something has to keep in high gear all the time.
Douglas Fairbanks	The man who is gloomy, taciturn and lives in a world of doubt seldom achieves more than a bare living. There have been a few who have groaned their way through to a competence, but in proportion to that overwhelming number of souls who carry cheer through life, they are as nothing - mere drops in the bucket.
Douglas Fairbanks	We all have ambitions, but only the few achieve. A man thinks of a good thing and says: 'Now if I only had the money I'd put that through.' The word 'if' was a dent in his courage. With character fully established, his plan well thought out, he had only to go to those in command of capital and it would have been forthcoming.
Douglas Fairbanks	In taking stock of ourselves, we should not forget that fear plays a large part in the drama of failure. That is the first thing to be dropped. Fear is a mental deficiency susceptible of correction, if taken in hand before it gains an ascendency over us. Fear comes with the thought of failure.
Douglas Fairbanks	People are divided into two classes - those who profit by experience and those who do not. The unfortunate part of it all is that the latter class is by far the larger of the two.
Douglas Fairbanks	The man who puts life into an idea is acclaimed a genius, because he does the right thing at the right time. Therein lies the difference between the genius and a commonplace man.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I was only saying to the Queen the other day how I hate name dropping.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	What has always been at the heart of film making was the value of a script. It was really the writer who could make or break a film. But as we all know, the writer has always been at the bottom of the creative heap.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I never kissed my father until he was on his death bed.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I never tried to emulate my father. Anyone trying to do that would be a second-rate carbon copy.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I was a shy, awkward sort of a boy and my father's frequent absences from home, along with my hero worship for him, made me even shyer.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	The Joan Crawford that I've heard about in 'Mommie Dearest' is not the Joan Crawford I knew back when.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	Curiously enough, I was one of the first to have some say in Hollywood. By sheer accident, I had four successes in a row in the early 30's and, although I was still in my 20's, I demanded and received approval of cast, story and director. I don't know how I got away with it, but I did!
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	My father and Mary Pickford were the reigning stars of not just Hollywood but of the world. Well, to bear my father's name was hard enough, but to work in pictures to boot was pretty foolhardy. In fact, my father was totally against it. He thought I should be off getting a good education and go into some safe profession.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I will never forget the pleasure and instruction I derived from working with a true master of his art, such as Edward G. Robinson was - and is. Surely his record for versatility, studied characterization - ranging from modern colloquial to the classics - and artistic integrity is unsurpassed.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I've often accused my grandchildren of never having seen one of my films.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I am not a socialite, though I seem to have got the reputation for being one. I have some very good friends who happen to be in so-called Society; but Society as such is a bore and holds no fascination for me.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	I had no particular desire to be a personality like my father, nor was I equipped to be one. I was determined to be my own man, although having the Fairbanks name did make it easier to get into an office to see someone.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	If you really want to know someone, you must see their emotions off guard. That's how I know Joan Crawford could never have been cruel to her children. I really knew her, when she was still Billie, as she liked to be called in the early days. In a relationship as close as ours, I had the chance to see her in every kind of personal situation.
Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.	In my day, the only people who achieved real independence were my father, Mary Pickford and Charles Chaplin, who, with D. W. Griffith, formed United Artists. Other than that, everybody belonged to the big studios. They had no say in their own careers.
Douglas Feaver	His mouth is for export and his head has no entrance.
Douglas Feaver	I can't think why mothers love them. All babies do is leak at both ends.
Douglas Feaver	He'd believe anything provided it's not in Holy Scripture.
Douglas Feith	Peace, of course, is different from divorce; indeed, in essential respects, divorce is the opposite of peace.
Douglas Feith	Europe is a collection of free countries.
Douglas Feith	I don't think that anybody should be ruling in or ruling out anything while we are conducting diplomacy.
Douglas Feith	There have been linkages between the Iraqi government and al-Qaeda going back more or less a decade.
Douglas Feith	It was known in the mid 90s already that Saddam Hussein was a dangerous tyrant that he had already launched aggressions against Iran, he had invaded Kuwait.
Douglas Feith	The purpose of the UN mechanism, this inspection mechanism, is not to engage in a cat and mouse game with Saddam Hussein and try to find weapons that the Iraqi government is working on concealing.
Douglas Feith	They have involved co-operation between the Iraqi intelligence and al-Qaeda operatives on training and combined operations regarding bomb making and chemical and biological weapons.
Douglas Feith	If you live in Israel and you see the way life is there and then you go abroad and see the way Israel is reported on, the way that Israel gets reported on night after night is simply pictures of bombings or military actions.
Douglas Feith	I had done a lot of reading, relative for a kid, about World War Two, and I thought about Chamberlain a lot.
Douglas Feith	I think the disarmament of Iraq is inevitable.
Douglas Feith	I'm concerned about getting Iraq on its feet.
Douglas Feith	I'm not concerned about weapons of mass destruction.
Douglas Feith	No, the United States does not target civilians.
Douglas Feith	Our concept is not that America should operate alone or by itself in world affairs or in military affairs.
Douglas Feith	There are a lot of things that need to be done to improve communications.
Douglas Feith	Though public pronouncements of Israeli officials emphasize peace and mutuality, unilateralism actually drives Israeli actions.
Douglas Feith	We know that there are various activities important to the insurgents in Iraq that are occurring in Syria.
Douglas Feith	If all goes well, the Iraqis are going to have a country that's going to have a representative government and will be at peace with its neighbors and in the region.
Douglas Feith	The key to making the inspections work is the Iraqi government making the crucial decision that because of the international pressure Iraq has to disarm itself.
Douglas Feith	The United States has some people in Europe with whom we disagree on this matter and a large number of people in Europe, including governments in Europe, with whom we agree.
Douglas Feith	We are a country that has many friends, many allies, when we operate in the world, we operate with friends and allies that's been true for decades and if we wind up going to war in Iraq it will be true in Iraq.
Douglas Feith	We have a substantial number of countries that have pledged and provided all kinds of support for the United States in the event that war becomes necessary in Iraq.
Douglas Feith	Well we are hoping that the power of the community of free nations is such that our sovereignty our rights are not going to be challenged by anybody who's going try to undermine the freedom, the openness of our societies and our security.
Douglas Feith	What the UN inspectors can do is demonstrate to the world, help the Iraqi government demonstrate to the world that the Iraqis are cooperatively disarming if that is in fact what the Iraqi government decides to do.
Douglas Haig	The idea that a war can be won by standing on the defensive and waiting for the enemy to attack is a dangerous fallacy, which owes its inception to the desire to evade the price of victory.
Douglas Haig	So long as the opposing forces are at the outset approximately equal in numbers and moral and there are no flanks to turn, a long struggle for supremacy is inevitable.
Douglas Haig	Once the mass of the defending infantry become possessed of low moral, the battle is as good as lost.
Douglas Haig	Further, a defensive policy involves the loss of the initiative, with all the consequent disadvantages to the defender.
Douglas Haig	Obviously, the greater the length of a war the higher is likely to be the number of casualties in it on either side.
Douglas MacArthur	Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Douglas MacArthur	The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Douglas MacArthur	Like the old soldier of the ballad, I now close my military career and just fade away, an old soldier who tried to do his duty as God gave him the light to see that duty. Goodbye.
Douglas MacArthur	The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
Douglas MacArthur	Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Douglas MacArthur	The world is in a constant conspiracy against the brave. It's the age-old struggle: the roar of the crowd on the one side, and the voice of your conscience on the other.
Douglas MacArthur	There is no substitute for victory.
Douglas MacArthur	We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction.
Douglas MacArthur	Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
Douglas MacArthur	Life is a lively process of becoming.
Douglas MacArthur	I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?
Douglas MacArthur	You are remembered for the rules you break.
Douglas MacArthur	I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
Douglas MacArthur	I've looked that old scoundrel death in the eye many times but this time I think he has me on the ropes.
Douglas MacArthur	Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
Douglas MacArthur	They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
Douglas MacArthur	In war, you win or lose, live or die - and the difference is just an eyelash.
Douglas MacArthur	There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
Douglas MacArthur	Americans never quit.
Douglas MacArthur	A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Douglas MacArthur	It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear.
Douglas MacArthur	It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Douglas MacArthur	A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Douglas MacArthur	I have just returned from visiting the Marines at the front, and there is not a finer fighting organization in the world!
Douglas MacArthur	One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.
Dr. Seuss	Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
Dr. Seuss	Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Dr. Seuss	You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.
Dr. Seuss	I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Dr. Seuss	How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?
Dr. Seuss	The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
Dr. Seuss	Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
Dr. Seuss	Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
Dr. Seuss	Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
Dr. Seuss	I've heard there are troubles of more than one kind; some come from ahead, and some come from behind. But I've brought a big bat. I'm all ready, you see; now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
Dr. Seuss	Step with care and great tact ,and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Dr. Seuss	Adults are just outdated children.
Dr. Seuss	A person's a person, no matter how small.
Dr. Seuss	From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Dr. Seuss	Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Dr. Seuss	You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
Dr. Seuss	You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
Dr. Seuss	You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
Dr. Seuss	I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
Dr. Seuss	Only you can control your future.
Dr. Seuss	Adults are obsolete children.
Dr. Seuss	I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
Dr. Seuss	Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.'
Dr. Seuss	I start drawing, and eventually the characters involve themselves in a situation. Then in the end, I go back and try to cut out most of the preachments.
Dr. Seuss	When at last we are sure, You've been properly pilled, Then a few paper forms, Must be properly filled. So that you and your heirs, May be properly billed.
Drew Gilpin Faust	The ability to recognize opportunities and move in new - and sometimes unexpected - directions will benefit you no matter your interests or aspirations. A liberal arts education is designed to equip students for just such flexibility and imagination.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I lived in a world where social arrangements were taken for granted and assumed to be timeless. A child's obligation was to learn these usages, not to question them. The complexities of racial deportment were of a piece with learning manners and etiquette more generally.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Americans in the Civil War period were very interested in Heaven and what it might be like, because they were having to face the fact that many of their loved ones were gone and many of their loved ones, they hoped, were in this other realm called Heaven.
Drew Gilpin Faust	High school students ought to seek out campus communities where they feel not only empowered to engage their talents, but also challenged to leave their comfort zones. The ability to embrace new opportunities emerges, in part, from a willingness to take risks and to fail.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I never planned my career. I never planned to be president of Harvard. People would have thought I was crazy, probably, at the age of 8 or 10 or 20, if I had said that. So what I would say to people planning their careers is to be ready to improvise. Be ready to follow up on opportunities as they unfold.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Mortality defines the human condition.
Drew Gilpin Faust	As a scholar, you don't want to repeat yourself, ever. You're supposed to say it once, publish it, and then it's published, and you don't say it again. If someone comes and gives a scholarly paper about something they've already published, that's just terrible. As a university president, you have to say the same thing over and over and over.
Drew Gilpin Faust	As we have sought through the centuries to define ourselves as human beings and as nations through the prisms of history and literature, no small part of that effort has drawn us to the subject of war. We might even say that the humanities began with war and from war, and have remained entwined with it ever since.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Before the Civil War, there were no national cemeteries, no processes for identifying the dead in the battle. There weren't any dog tags, and there was no next-of-kin notification. You didn't necessarily even hear what the fate of your loved ones had been. It was up to their comrades to write and inform you.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I have always loved animals, and as a child, I read a lot of horse books. I had a particular favorite called 'Silver Snaffles' that my mother gave away.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I often read nonfiction with a pencil in hand. I love the feel, the smell, the design, the weight of a book, but I also enjoy the convenience of my Kindle - for travel and for procuring a book in seconds.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I think that issues of gender have been discussed widely at Harvard. But I think I was chosen clearly on the merits, and I wish to operate as president on the merits. I think, on one level, we might say that I can affirm that women have the aptitude to do science or to do anything, including being president of Harvard.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I think the most important leadership lessons I've learned have to do with understanding the context in which you are leading. Universities are places with enormously distributed authority and many different sorts of constituencies, all of whom have a stake in that institution.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I'd say Harvard graduates leave here with a sense of the possible and the limit - and a sense that there are no limits to what humans can do and that you can always be pushing, whatever limit you think might be there.
Drew Gilpin Faust	In the middle of the nineteenth century, the United States embarked on a new relationship with death, entering into a civil war that proved bloodier than any other conflict in American history, a war that would presage the slaughter of World War I's Western Front and the global carnage of the twentieth century.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Of all living things, only humans consciously anticipate death; the consequent need to choose how to behave in its face - to worry about how to die - distinguishes us from other animals. The need to manage death is the particular lot of humanity.
Drew Gilpin Faust	The seductiveness of war derives in part from its location on this boundary of the human, the inhuman, and the superhuman. It requires us to confront the relationship among the noble, the horrible, and the infinite; the animal, the spiritual, and the divine.
Drew Gilpin Faust	We are in an international marketplace for talent, and American colleges and universities need to be able to attract students and faculty from around the world if we want to sustain our excellence.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I always seem to be reading several books at once.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I've had dialogues with my dead mother over the 40 years since she died.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Albert Camus's 'La Peste' - 'The Plague' - had an enormous impact on me when I read it in high school French class, and I chose my senior yearbook quote from it. In college, I wrote a philosophy class paper on Camus and Sartre, and again chose my yearbook quote from 'La Peste.'
Drew Gilpin Faust	As a kid, I was growing up in an era of celebration of the Civil War centennial, with a lot of 'Lost Cause' emphasis on the Confederacy. I used to play Civil War soldiers with my brothers as a child, and my older brother always insisted that he got to be Lee, and I got be Grant. I never knew that Grant won until quite some time had passed.
Drew Gilpin Faust	Death created the modern American union, not just by ensuring national survival, but by shaping enduring national structures and commitments. The work of death was Civil War America's most fundamental and most demanding undertaking.
Drew Gilpin Faust	For all its ubiquity and its universality, war offers the attraction of the extraordinary - the escape from the gray everyday, from the humdrum into higher things.
Drew Gilpin Faust	I think that the firepower of the Civil War, the numbers of bodies that were left to rot, the numbers of amputations in the Civil War, all of this created threats to the understanding of the human being as an integral soul, as a body and soul that could be united.
Duffy Daugherty	My only feeling about superstition is that it's unlucky to be behind at the end of the game.
Duffy Daugherty	When your are playing for the national championship, it's not a matter of life or death. It's more important than that.
Duffy Daugherty	Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport.
Duffy Daugherty	I could have been a Rhodes Scholar, except for my grades.
Dusty Baker	You can tell your uncle stuff that you could not tell your dad. That is kind of the role of an uncle. I feel very much like a father sometimes but sometimes I feel like a teammate.
Dusty Baker	I'm a strong man, and usually I get over hurts and it makes me stronger when I come back.
Dusty Baker	Everyone has a budget, I don't care who you are. But they said if we are in a pennant race in the middle of the summer they are going to get some help with added payroll.
Dusty Baker	The only thing that's in my control is to win ballgames and God is always taking care of me.
Dusty Baker	I'm not a guy that sits around and does nothing.
Dusty Baker	I'm not sure where my career is going here in Cincinnati.
Dusty Baker	I love the game of baseball.
Dusty Baker	I think we match up with anybody because our pitching. In a short series you run your big three out there or four out there. That generally is what wins a series - pitching and defense. If we can catch the ball and not give away any runs like we do sometimes.
Dusty Baker	So I let them be responsible for there particular areas. Then by the time it gets to me that means that there is a problem. I have my eyes open and I need to know something about every department but you don't want to micro manage any particular department.
Dusty Baker	I have a lot of interests.
Dusty Baker	I love watching American League games, you know what I mean?
Dusty Baker	The fundamentals of baseball haven't changed, but how we can teach those fundamentals has. With an e-book, learning can be more rewarding and fun.
Dusty Baker	I love my daughter, but she had me on couscous and fixed me pastas and made me eat oatmeal every morning and what else, turkey burgers, turkey bacon, and that kind of stuff. So she wants her dad to live a long time, and I do, too.
Dusty Baker	I love sharing my knowledge of hitting with others. Now coaches and players at all levels can learn my systematic approach to hitting a baseball with more consistency, mental strength and accuracy.
Dusty Baker	Let them police themselves, and then it goes another step past them to my coaches and there a coach that is responsible for a different area and different category on the field.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	This world of ours... must avoid becoming a community of dreadful fear and hate, and be, instead, a proud confederation of mutual trust and respect.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	When you put on a uniform, there are certain inhibitions that you accept.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	Our real problem, then, is not our strength today; it is rather the vital necessity of action today to ensure our strength tomorrow.
Dwight D. Eisenhower	History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
Dwight L. Moody	We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining- they just shine.
Dwight L. Moody	Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
Dwight L. Moody	There are many of us that are willing to do great things for the Lord, but few of us are willing to do little things.
Dwight L. Moody	Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
Dwight L. Moody	A rule I have had for years is: to treat the Lord Jesus Christ as a personal friend. His is not a creed, a mere doctrine, but it is He Himself we have.
Dwight L. Moody	A good example is far better than a good precept.
Dwight L. Moody	The Bible will keep you from sin, or sin will keep you from the Bible.
Dwight L. Moody	We talk about heaven being so far away. It is within speaking distance to those who belong there. Heaven is a prepared place for a prepared people.
Dwight L. Moody	I have had more trouble with myself than with any other man.
Dwight L. Moody	It is a masterpiece of the devil to make us believe that children cannot understand religion. Would Christ have made a child the standard of faith if He had known that it was not capable of understanding His words?
Dwight L. Moody	Where I was born and where and how I have lived is unimportant. It is what I have done with where I have been that should be of interest.
Dwight L. Moody	A man ought to live so that everybody knows he is a Christian... and most of all, his family ought to know.
Dwight L. Moody	We can stand affliction better than we can prosperity, for in prosperity we forget God.
Dwight L. Moody	I know the Bible is inspired because it inspires me.
Dwight L. Moody	God never made a promise that was too good to be true.
Dwight L. Moody	If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me.
Dwight L. Moody	Where one man reads the Bible, a hundred read you and me.
Dwight L. Moody	Character is what a man is in the dark.
Dwight L. Moody	Church attendance is as vital to a disciple as a transfusion of rich, healthy blood to a sick man.
Dwight L. Moody	God doesn't seek for golden vessels, and does not ask for silver ones, but He must have clean ones.
Dwight L. Moody	There's no better book with which to defend the Bible than the Bible itself.
Dwight L. Moody	Never think that Jesus commanded a trifle, nor dare to trifle with anything He has commanded.
Dwight L. Moody	Death may be the King of terrors... but Jesus is the King of kings!
Dwight L. Moody	Give me a man who says this one thing I do, and not those fifty things I dabble in.
Dwight L. Moody	No man can resolve himself into Heaven.
Dyan Cannon	I have become down-hearted, I have become discouraged, I have become depressed. I'm just like you. I'm a human being and I have my problems.
Dyan Cannon	I was seeking a real love, a real deal, and I have been seeking it for a lot of years. And in that seeking, I found that God's love is real.
Dyan Cannon	God's love doesn't leave out Jews or Muslims or anyone.
Dyan Cannon	Being born again means you have a new concept of yourself.
Dyan Cannon	Einstein said, if everything exists as a substance of qualities, and qualities exist only in mind, then all is mind.
Dyan Cannon	Even when there are times that we're not happy, happiness will creep in.
Dyan Cannon	I was going to go make a film in Greece. if they caught you with this much marijuana, they threw you in jail, no questions asked, and I was trying to stuff it in my deodorant bottles. I thought, what I am doing?
Dyan Cannon	God uses whoever he wants.
Dyan Cannon	Have you ever noticed when you start getting happy, you say, uh-uh, I'd better watch out. I feel too good. Something's going to happen.
Dyan Cannon	I really always expected to somebody to make me happy and I don't think you can really enter into a relationship until you are happy.
Dyan Cannon	I wanted to star in a western opposite Robert Redford. That was my plan for my life.
Dyan Cannon	Shakespeare said, nothing is either good nor bad but thinking makes it so.
Dyan Cannon	The Bible says, as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
Dyan Cannon	They offered me millions and millions and millions of dollars to write books about Cary. That was between us. That was private. I'll always love him.
Dylan Baker	Sometimes people walk into plays by accident - they don't even know what they're looking at; they just think to give it a chance. That can be the beginning of a long friendship.
Dylan Baker	I find I go in airports anywhere in the country, and someone's always coming up to me and saying 'Hey, you're at my country club in Dubuque, right?' You know, because they kind of know my face, but they don't know why.
Dylan Baker	I loved 'The Pitts.' I just loved it.
Dylan Baker	One of the big things that if you've got a guy who is doing things that other people could view as evil or bad, then you've got to find the silver lining: you've got to find the thing that makes this guy a good guy.
E. B. White	I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
E. B. White	Prejudice is a great time saver. You can form opinions without having to get the facts.
E. B. White	Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
E. B. White	I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
E. B. White	It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer.
E. B. White	Be obscure clearly.
E. B. White	Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car.
E. B. White	To perceive Christmas through its wrappings becomes more difficult with every year.
E. B. White	We should all do what, in the long run, gives us joy, even if it is only picking grapes or sorting the laundry.
E. B. White	I can only assume that your editorial writer tripped over the First Amendment and thought it was the office cat.
E. B. White	A good farmer is nothing more nor less than a handy man with a sense of humus.
E. B. White	Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.
E. B. White	Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.
E. B. White	The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
E. B. White	Genius is more often found in a cracked pot than in a whole one.
E. B. White	English usage is sometimes more than mere taste, judgment and education - sometimes it's sheer luck, like getting across the street.
E. B. White	Old age is a special problem for me because I've never been able to shed the mental image I have of myself - a lad of about 19.
E. B. White	Commas in The New Yorker fall with the precision of knives in a circus act, outlining the victim.
E. B. White	There is nothing more likely to start disagreement among people or countries than an agreement.
E. B. White	I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel.
E. B. White	The trouble with the profit system has always been that it was highly unprofitable to most people.
E. B. White	I don't know which is more discouraging, literature or chickens.
E. B. White	Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
E. B. White	There's no limit to how complicated things can get, on account of one thing always leading to another.
E. B. White	Writing is hard work and bad for the health.
e. e. cummings	I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
e. e. cummings	To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.
e. e. cummings	It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
e. e. cummings	The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
e. e. cummings	Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
e. e. cummings	I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than to teach ten thousand stars how not to dance.
e. e. cummings	The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.
e. e. cummings	A wind has blown the rain away and blown the sky away and all the leaves away, and the trees stand. I think, I too, have known autumn too long.
e. e. cummings	Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
e. e. cummings	Kisses are a better fate than wisdom.
e. e. cummings	Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
e. e. cummings	Listen; there's a hell of a good universe next door: let's go.
e. e. cummings	To like an individual because he's black is just as insulting as to dislike him because he isn't white.
e. e. cummings	To destroy is always the first step in any creation.
e. e. cummings	I'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach 10,000 stars how not to dance.
e. e. cummings	Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question.
e. e. cummings	Humanity I love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink.
e. e. cummings	I like my body when it is with your body. It is so quite new a thing. Muscles better and nerves more.
e. e. cummings	Unbeing dead isn't being alive.
e. e. cummings	I imagine that yes is the only living thing.
e. e. cummings	Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
e. e. cummings	America makes prodigious mistakes, America has colossal faults, but one thing cannot be denied: America is always on the move. She may be going to Hell, of course, but at least she isn't standing still.
e. e. cummings	Nothing recedes like progress.
e. e. cummings	I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.
e. e. cummings	It takes three to make a child.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	True merit, like a river, the deeper it is, the less noise it makes.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Men who borrow their opinions can never repay their debts.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Those who are of the opinion that money will do everything may reasonably be expected to do everything for money.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Gratitude is one of those things that cannot be bought. It must be born with men, or else all the obligations in the world will not create it.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Hope is generally a wrong guide, though it is very good company by the way.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Ignorance makes most men go into a political party, and shame keeps them from getting out of it.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	Most men's anger about religion is as if two men should quarrel for a lady they neither of them care for.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	The invisible thing called a Good Name is made up of the breath of numbers that speak well of you.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	When people contend for their liberty they seldom get anything for their victory, but new masters.
E. F. L. Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax	A person may dwell so long upon a thought that it may take him a prisoner.
E. L. James	If you've been married for 400 years, as I have, it's nice to experience first love again and you can vicariously through a book.
E. L. James	All a writer wants is to be read, and people are so flattering and lovely. I mean, there are witches out there as well. But most are so kind.
E. L. James	Women basically want the same thing - a good passionate story, a great fantasy - and for our partners to do the laundry and the washing up.
E. L. James	God forbid that women have fantasies.
E. L. James	I think women love a passionate love story.
E. L. James	I'm not a great writer.
E. L. James	I really like clever men who challenge you.
E. L. James	I came up with a story and I wrote it.
E. L. James	I don't watch much British television at all. I mean, it's ironic because I used to work in it for years.
E. L. James	I hate having my photograph taken.
E. L. James	I never set out to do this - getting to No. 1 in the 'New York Times' bestseller list wasn't even a pipedream.
E. L. James	I see myself as a story teller.
E. L. James	I think women love to read love stories.
E. L. James	I value my anonymity. I'm happy to come in on the tube or the train and watch other people reading 'Fifty Shades.'
E. L. James	I'm a bit of a control freak.
E. L. James	I'm looking forward to getting back to my house and my Ugg boots and not washing sometimes, and getting back to writing.
E. L. James	I've set the bar quite high in terms of storytelling.
E. L. James	I've worked in television all my life, but really I've always wanted to work in the movies.
E. L. James	Write for yourself. That's it. And write every day.
E. L. James	Everyone's clamoring for the fourth book in the 'Fifty Shades' trilogy, which makes me laugh. Just the part of 'a fourth book in trilogy' that makes me laugh, not the clamoring for the next book.
E. L. James	Once you're in charge of your job, your house, your children, getting the food on the table, doing all of this, all of the time, it'd be nice for someone else to be in charge for a bit maybe.
E. L. James	Yes, I'm a 'Twi-hard.' I became obsessed. Absolutely obsessed. I didn't watch television, I didn't go to the cinema. My friends would ring and say: 'What are you doing?' And I would say: 'I've just got to finish this chapter.'
E. M. Forster	We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us.
E. M. Forster	One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
E. M. Forster	Unless we remember we cannot understand.
E. M. Forster	I am sure that if the mothers of various nations could meet, there would be no more wars.
E. M. Forster	We are willing enough to praise freedom when she is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about her, and admit censorship.
E. M. Forster	What is the good of your stars and trees, your sunrise and the wind, if they do not enter into our daily lives?
E. M. Forster	The four characteristics of humanism are curiosity, a free mind, belief in good taste, and belief in the human race.
E. M. Forster	Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
E. M. Forster	Love is always being given where it is not required.
E. M. Forster	Think before you speak is criticism's motto; speak before you think, creation's.
E. M. Forster	The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
E. M. Forster	If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
E. M. Forster	Railway termini are our gates to the glorious and the unknown. Through them we pass out into adventure and sunshine, to them, alas! we return.
E. M. Forster	To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way.
E. M. Forster	Life is easy to chronicle, but bewildering to practice.
E. M. Forster	We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand.
E. M. Forster	What is wonderful about great literature is that it transforms the man who reads it towards the condition of the man who wrote.
E. M. Forster	Only a struggle twists sentimentality and lust together into love.
E. M. Forster	Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
E. M. Forster	The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
E. M. Forster	Tolerance is a very dull virtue. It is boring. Unlike love, it has always had a bad press. It is negative. It merely means putting up with people, being able to stand things.
E. M. Forster	So, two cheers for Democracy: one because it admits variety and two because it permits criticism.
E. M. Forster	The fact is we can only love what we know personally. And we cannot know much. In public affairs, in the rebuilding of civilization, something less dramatic and emotional is needed, namely tolerance.
E. M. Forster	Ideas are fatal to caste.
E. M. Forster	The more highly public life is organized the lower does its morality sink.
Earl Campbell	I miss the guys. I don't get to see them often. We do get together in Houston now and then.
Earl Campbell	Pittsburgh was a great team. Coach Noll, Joe Greene, Jack Lambert, L.C. Greenwood and all those guys did a great job. That's the team that kept us from winning two Super Bowls. It was a great rivalry.
Earl Campbell	After watching films of Jim Brown, I noticed that he never ran out of bounds. He always ran North and South and that's what I turned my style into. I was a North and South runner.
Earl Campbell	Our company sells about five to six million pounds of sausage a year. We sell it retail and to restaurants. We've got all kinds of products.
Earl Campbell	Coming up as a kid, I played middle linebacker and I was very bow-legged, and I wanted to be like the legendary Dick Butkus.
Earl Campbell	I did some good things as a rookie.
Earl Campbell	Somebody will always break your records. It is how you live that counts.
Earl Campbell	First of all, I'm so glad that the city of Houston has a football team again. They have such great fans. I'm really happy for the people of Houston because they deserve a football team.
Earl Campbell	I think one game we played the Oakland Raiders and Jack Tatum and I had an accident on the one-yard line. The only thing that Jack Tatum didn't do was wrap me up so I backed into the endzone backwards.
Earl Campbell	I had two things I could do: I could run over you, and I could put a good stiff arm on you. That was about it.
Earl Campbell	I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes.
Earl Campbell	My running style was kind of just head-on, because I couldn't dance.
Earl Campbell	Everything in life has a price on it - there ain't a damn thing free in America, and football has got a price on it.
Earl Campbell	I always knew that I wanted to do something in business and I prepared myself for that.
Earl Campbell	I have a company called Earl Campbell Foods. I got into the meat business in 1991.
Earl Campbell	It really started cooking when I moved to Houston. I bought a house and got my own barbeque pit.
Earl Campbell	There are two things panic patients hate to do. They hate to take medication - and they hate to go to doctors. They hate to come to grips.
Earl Campbell	When I was a kid and got in trouble, I'd always say, Mom, I'm in trouble. Well, Mom, I'm in trouble.
Earl Campbell	Emmitt Smith is a great running back. One of the things I like about him along with Edgerrin James is that neither one of them 'show out' when they run a touchdown.
Earl Campbell	I have a wife and two boys. One is 18 and the other is 14. The 18-year old is getting ready for college next year and he made a decision to run track. He runs a lot like Michael Johnson.
Earl Campbell	I learned from different guys I played with, too. The key was probably three people: The good Lord, the offensive linemen I played with and great fullbacks that could block very well.
Earl Campbell	I talk to student-athletes. I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes. You need to get an education, keep your hands clean and try to represent the university.
Earl Campbell	Sometimes I pay for it, With the way I walk now, the things I did to my body wasn't supposed to be done. At 48 years old, it is saying, 'Hey, Earl, remember what you did to me?'.
Earl Campbell	There had been talk about me getting involved with the new team in Houston. I don't know if it's something that will become a realization, but it would be something that I would love to do.
Earl Hamner, Jr.	I've led a charmed life. I've known people who have been depressed, and I've never had that.
Earl Hamner, Jr.	If you are a good writer - and I think I am - you are able to handle any kind of group and imagine their lives.
Earl Nightingale	We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
Earl Nightingale	Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Earl Nightingale	Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations.
Earl Nightingale	Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Earl Nightingale	All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Earl Nightingale	The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
Earl Nightingale	Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality.
Earl Nightingale	Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Earl Nightingale	People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
Earl Nightingale	We all walk in the dark and each of us must learn to turn on his or her own light.
Earl Nightingale	We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
Earl Nightingale	You'll find boredom where there is the absence of a good idea.
Earl Nightingale	Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.
Earl Nightingale	Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach.
Earl Nightingale	You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'
Earl Nightingale	Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn.
Earl Nightingale	People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be - whether they will admit that or not.
Earl Nightingale	We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn. Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service.
Earl Nightingale	Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Earl Nightingale	Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet.
Earl Nightingale	The more intensely we feel about an idea or a goal, the more assuredly the idea, buried deep in our subconscious, will direct us along the path to its fulfillment.
Earl Nightingale	Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal. See yourself doing the things you'll be doing when you've reached your goal.
Earl Nightingale	Excellence always sells.
Earl Nightingale	A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Earl Nightingale	What's going on in the inside shows on the outside.
Eazy-E	If you want to get your point across, you gotta cuss.
Eazy-E	Who gave it that title, gangsta rap? It's reality rap. It's about what's really going on.
Eazy-E	I don't want to be in somebody else's movie, and then they make all the money. I've gotten offers to do the movies, but I won't sell myself short and be in somebody else's movie, like 'Boyz N the Hood.' I don't think I woulda done that.
Eazy-E	Movies don't make people act a fool. People act a fool because they want to act a fool.
Eazy-E	I have seven children by six different mothers. Maybe success was too good to me.
Eazy-E	Why do you think the fans like us - why they prefer our street raps over all that phony stuff out there? Because we're telling the real story of what it's like living in places like Compton. We're giving them reality. We're like reporters. We give them the truth.
Eazy-E	I go to correctional facilities and talk to kids there. They have little kids in there who are, like, 12 years old, stealing cars and stuff like that.
Eazy-E	The kids from the streets don't want preaching or messages. They want what they can identify with. They want to hear about the reality of their situation, not fairy tales. They don't care if it's ugly; they just want reality.
Eazy-E	I'm not a registered Republican or Democrat. I don't even vote.
Eazy-E	What the cops did to Rodney King was wrong, and the officers who beat him should be sent straight to prison.
Ed Balls	We have come to the edge of the abyss and now it is time for a bold step forward. There is a political view that the tougher you are, the more credible you are.
Ed Balls	My mobile phone battery runs out all the time because all the messages come straight to me.
Ed Balls	For the first time I'm free to be myself.
Ed Balls	The thing about politics is to plan 10 years ahead, and assume every year is your last.
Ed Balls	In 1925, when Britain went back to the gold standard, that was supported by the Conservative Party, the Labour Party, the Bank of England, the civil service, the CBI, the TUC, the Times, the Economist; that consensus was very strong.
Ed Balls	You could get a cheer by saying: 'Let's withdraw from Afghanistan', but I don't think that's where the public's at. It wouldn't be responsible.
Ed Balls	I don't think I've ever sent a text to Gordon Brown because I'm confident that he would absolutely have no idea how to receive it. He barely managed to master WordPerfect 4.1.
Ed Balls	I set myself one task, which was to get Labour on to the front foot, back in the game, making the weather on the economy, and that's going to take me a year.
Ed Balls	I would love to go on 'MasterChef'. But while I really like cooking, I'm doubtful anyone would ever want to pay for what I'd cooked.
Ed Balls	Saddam Hussein was a horrible man, and I am pleased he is no longer running Iraq. But the war was wrong.
Ed Balls	I think three or four years ago, people would have said my biggest weakness was that sometimes I was awkward on television, with my stammer, but I think they'd say that much less now.
Ed Balls	I'm a very loyal person and I allowed myself to be defined as somebody who was doing Gordon's bidding. I should have fought back harder to define myself at an earlier stage.
Ed Balls	It was a mistake. On the information we had, we shouldn't have prosecuted the war. We shouldn't have changed our argument from international law to regime change in a non-transparent way. It was an error for which we as a country paid a heavy price, and for which many people paid with their lives.
Eddie Cahill	Everybody wants to get along with everyone else in the sandbox. I'm that kind of kid, you know what I mean? That will never change about me.
Eddie Cahill	I love flexing theater muscles. Television has merits as well, but there's no substitute for live theater.
Eddie Cahill	I think we can all learn things if we really want to. It's fascinating how that can get expedited when you have a support system around you.
Eddie Cahill	I went to a couple of Rangers games at the Garden, and someone at the NHL had seen me and figured I was a fan and decided to approach me about having a blog during the playoffs.
Eddie Cahill	It was so popular, so more people identify me from 'Friends' than anything else.
Eddie Cahill	The 13-episode model lends itself to a more serialised format, which is nice and gives writers a chance to breathe some space into it.
Eddie Campbell	And when you look at the Turtle's movie there is something there, definitely something there.
Eddie Campbell	I came in on the decline. Phil Elliot was in first, he got his book out, he sold thirteen thousand, I think he got two issues out before I got mine in, this was March '87. He was out in December '86.
Eddie Campbell	Dave Sim said in his latest thing of his, 'when you're on the right track, you'll know it, but until you get there, you have to believe you're on the right track'. Interesting little conundrum. It's not easy.
Eddie Campbell	I think in the corridors of power these dangerous kinds of orders are issued in a much more vague way, passed down two or three levels of command before they're given to the assassin.
Eddie Campbell	I'd be interested to read Gull's paper on it, and I wish Alan would put it in somewhere. It gives him a relevance to our times, which he doesn't otherwise have. Gull, I mean, not Alan.
Eddie Campbell	All that political stuff Delano was doing. Me, I've gone off the top, into total fantasy.
Eddie Campbell	I don't want to write, I'd rather draw.
Eddie Campbell	I'm just drawing it now. It's totally revolting. I'm sure you'll love it.
Eddie Campbell	I'm thinking to myself, I just love doing the art, it takes me a morning to do.
Eddie Campbell	It's business, selling comics, you work out what sells and you don't want to muck about with it too much.
Eddie Campbell	There are a couple of things in there if we're constraining this discussion to horror here.
Eddie Campbell	They asked me to write it and zoomed me over there to do it. But they ended up sacking me.
Eddie Campbell	We could hang around for ten years and nobody would care enough to identify us. Therein lies the horror.
Eddie Campbell	You had to make an appointment to see her. But it was just a crazy spectacle, people filing past.
Eddie Campbell	I remember having an argument with Alan, I said the Queen's not just going to call the guy up and send him out to do it. And Alan says, well, how would a monarch give orders to her assassin.
Eddie Campbell	By March '87 we're down to seven thousand, by the end of the year we're down to twelve hundred. The whole bottom just fell out of the market. It was bad for me because I was in Australia at the time.
Eddie Campbell	He would still see it as his duty to shut up and get on with it, not cause any trouble. In our own time we've made a hero of the rebel, and it's more heroic to speak up.
Eddie Campbell	I thought, well I can do that. I couldn't be bothered writing a book review, because I'd have to read the book, I haven't got time to read a whole book for a fifty dollar write-up.
Eddie Campbell	I wrote five issues of that and got the sack. Actually, they paid me for eight, but they changed their minds about the direction and threw three issues out the window.
Eddie Campbell	It's not the last one. Five's out, six is coming out in November, that's a single chapter, and then seven is the big horrifying one. And I think a couple after that to wrap the thing up.
Eddie Campbell	They've got this house style which is writer driven. I heard of one person who sent his script in, and Karen Berger said there weren't enough words in it. Put some more in.
Eddie Cantor	Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going to fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.
Eddie Cantor	It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.
Eddie Cantor	A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers.
Eddie Cantor	Marriage is an attempt to solve problems together which you didn't even have when you were on your own.
Eddie Cantor	When I see the Ten Most Wanted Lists... I always have this thought: If we'd made them feel wanted earlier, they wouldn't be wanted now.
Eddie Izzard	Never put a sock in a toaster.
Eddie Izzard	I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
Eddie Izzard	MAC gave me 55 lipsticks to test. These are the same lipsticks I got caught stealing by the police when I was 15. How ironic.
Eddie Izzard	Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away; that's the deal.
Eddie Izzard	I just believe in the goodwill of people, the power of people to do something positive.
Eddie Izzard	I use a Bruce Lee technique: 'The way of no way.' He had the idea that he would learn everything, so that whoever he had to fight, he could improvise anything. The best way of starting a gig is just to not think of anything - to clear your mind, not in an empty Zen state, but more just to go on and see where you go.
Eddie Izzard	If you've never seen an elephant ski, you've never been on acid.
Eddie Izzard	I'm a one-man idiot.
Eddie Izzard	In stand-up it really helps to play yourself and talk about your own feelings. You cannot fail to be original if you're just talking about what you think about X, Y and Z. Unless you've got a twin brother who's also a stand-up.
Eddie Izzard	If there is a God, his plan is very similar to someone not having a plan.
Eddie Izzard	I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup.
Eddie Izzard	I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less.
Eddie Izzard	So the American government lied to the Native Americans for many, many years, and then President Clinton lied about a relationship, and everyone was surprised! A little naive, I feel!
Eddie Izzard	Boy bands should be exploded from a great height. They're just pretty people singing music written by others.
Eddie Izzard	I don't know what it's like in the U.S. but immigrants in the U.K. do the jobs the citizens won't do.
Eddie Izzard	They tend to come out a colour called 'Pants left in wash'
Eddie Izzard	Comedy is a great weapon of attack. It's not a great weapon of support.
Eddie Izzard	Religion and philosophy, philosophy and religion - they're two words which are both... different. In spelling.
Eddie Izzard	There was no religion in my life growing up. Did God invent us or did we invent God?
Eddie Izzard	I try to keep performing as much as possible - I just like to. I used to take huge gaps off between gigs, now I just like to do stand-up gigs as much as I can.
Eddie Izzard	I'd be happy to be taken as a woman - and that's what I was initially trying to do when I started throwing on dresses and stuff. But that wasn't going to happen because everyone kept calling me sir. So I thought I'd change the method and just start wearing what I wanted to wear.
Eddie Izzard	I mean, sometimes... a comedian becomes an actor, and they just don't deliver, because the bottom line of comedy is to be funny, and the bottom line of acting is to be truthful, and they get that mixed up sometimes, or don't even notice that that's the thing.
Eddie Izzard	I'm quite good at taking in information so I voraciously inhale Wikipedia - which may have some things wrong in it, but I think is generally more information than we had before. Last tour we didn't have Wikipedia. And then Discovery Channel and History Channel. I can take it in and retain what I think are the most important facts.
Eddie Izzard	If you get anything creative going, then the work and play thing is the same thing, I feel.
Eddie Izzard	Well, comedy is a great weapon of attack. It's not a great weapon of support.
Eddie Van Halen	If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.
Eddie Van Halen	There are really three parts to the creative process. First there is inspiration, then there is the execution, and finally there is the release.
Eddie Van Halen	The piano is a universal instrument. If you start there, learn your theory and how to read, you can go on to any other instrument.
Eddie Van Halen	I'm not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, I'm not a rock star. I'm not in it for the fame, I'm in it because I like to play.
Eddie Van Halen	Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.
Eddie Van Halen	Obviously you have to have rhythm. If you have rhythm, then you can play anything you need. If you have rhythm and you love music, then play and play and play until you get to where you want to get. If you can pay the rent, great. If you can't, then you'd better be having fun.
Eddie Van Halen	It's funny, when bands or younger musicians ask me: 'So, what does it take to make it?' Well, first explain to me what you mean by 'making it': Do you want to be a rock star or do you want music to be your livelihood?
Eddie Van Halen	I can't read music. Instead, I'd do stuff inside the piano, do harmonics and all kinds of crazy things. They used to put me in these annual piano contests down at Long Beach City College, and two years in a row, I won first prize - out of like 5,000 kids! The judges were like, 'Very interesting interpretation!' I thought I was playing it right.
Eddie Van Halen	We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters.
Eddie Van Halen	Music kept me off the streets and out of trouble and gave me something that was mine that no one could take away from me.
Eddie Van Halen	When I'm home on a break, I lock myself in my room and play guitar. After two or three hours, I start getting into this total meditation. It's a feeling few people experience, and that's usually when I come up with weird stuff. It just flows. I can't force myself. I don't sit down and say I've got to practice.
Eddie Van Halen	Before the operation on my left hand I wasn't able to stretch my fingers open all the way. I've never had very big hands, but I could do the splits with them. Eventually I couldn't any more. I had a twisted tendon in my little finger that prevented me from being able to stretch.
Eddie Van Halen	Cancer is like a cockroach. It just comes back stronger. I'm tearing apart the immune system of the cockroach and seeing how it ticks. I've opened up my own pathology center.
Eddie Van Halen	A guitar is a very personal extension of the person playing it. You have to be emotionally and spiritually connected to your instrument. I'm very brutal on my instruments, but not all the time.
Eddie Van Halen	It's always a Catch-22 situation. They hate you if you're the same, and they hate you if you're different.
Eddie Van Halen	I have selective hearing.
Eddie Van Halen	I've had a hip replacement, I've beaten cancer, I had my hand operation, and I stopped drinking. Something inside of me just went, 'I'm done.'
Eddie Van Halen	I just consider myself slightly left-of-center. I'm not your average bear. I - what's the word? I'm not - normal.
Eddie Van Halen	I don't feel a day older when it comes to my approach to music or what gets me off than when I was a teenager. I've always been into different kinds of stuff and when I play I like to play loud. I like my arm hairs to move and I like my body to vibrate 'cause I like the feel of it; I'm still a teenager at heart.
Eddie Van Halen	I never took guitar lessons. I took classical piano lessons from the age of six when we lived in Holland.
Eddie Van Halen	I'm the one in the band that said I'm not going on tour unless we do a record.
Eddie Van Halen	I destroyed a lot of guitars trying to get them to do what I wanted, but I learned something from every guitar I tore apart, and discovered even more things. Things like if the string is not straight from the bridge saddle to the nut, you're going to have friction.
Eddie Van Halen	David Lee Roth had the idea that if you covered a successful song, you were half way home. C'mon - Van Halen doing 'Dancing in the Streets'? It was stupid. I started feeling like I would rather bomb playing my own songs than be successful playing someone else's music.
Eddie Van Halen	I have pictures of me sitting in the racquetball court in my pajamas with an acoustic guitar, and Wolfgang is probably just two-and-a-half-feet tall. I'll never forget the day I saw his foot tapping along in beat! I knew then, I couldn't wait for the day I'd be able to make music with my son. I don't know what more I could ask for.
Eddie Van Halen	When I was growing up and listening to bands like the Dave Clark Five, the groove was what initially got me going. I really like that funky, heavy groove.
Eden Ahbez	Some white people hate black people, and some white people love black people, some black people hate white people, and some black people love white people. So you see it's not an issue of black and white, it's an issue of Lovers and Haters.
Eden Ahbez	I am a being of Heaven and Earth, of thunder and lightning, of rain and wind, of the galaxies.
Eden Ahbez	The earth is my altar, the sky is my dome, mind is my garden, the heart is my home and I'm always at home - yea, I'm always at Om.
Eden Ahbez	Now Heaven and Earth are older than the temples, and older than the Scriptures.
Eden Ahbez	The greatest thing you'll ever learn is to love and be loved, just to love and be loved.
Eden Ahbez	We're not earthly beings any more... we're cosmic beings.
Edgar Allan Poe	We loved with a love that was more than love.
Edgar Allan Poe	Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.
Edgar Allan Poe	Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
Edgar Allan Poe	The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Edgar Allan Poe	Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those who dream only at night.
Edgar Allan Poe	I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Edgar Allan Poe	All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Edgar Allan Poe	Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.
Edgar Allan Poe	Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
Edgar Allan Poe	The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be.
Edgar Allan Poe	Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.
Edgar Allan Poe	I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
Edgar Allan Poe	Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
Edgar Allan Poe	All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Edgar Allan Poe	I have no faith in human perfectability. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Edgar Allan Poe	Stupidity is a talent for misconception.
Edgar Allan Poe	Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary.
Edgar Allan Poe	They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Edgar Allan Poe	I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.
Edgar Allan Poe	Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger portion of the truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.
Edgar Allan Poe	There is something in the unselfish and self-sacrificing love of a brute, which goes directly to the heart of him who has had frequent occasion to test the paltry friendship and gossamer fidelity of mere Man.
Edgar Allan Poe	That pleasure which is at once the most pure, the most elevating and the most intense, is derived, I maintain, from the contemplation of the beautiful.
Edgar Allan Poe	The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.
Edgar Allan Poe	If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
Edgar Allan Poe	That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
Edi Gathegi	I am sort of an adventurer. I like to explore new places. I don't get to travel as often as I would like but I love it.
Edi Gathegi	Villains are fun to play.
Edi Gathegi	I think that different actors go about their preparation differently, but when it comes to acting, I use my imagination.
Edi Gathegi	I have died in enough TV and films.
Edi Gathegi	New York is the only city that I have ever lived in that I have felt at home.
Edie Adams	All the dreamers in all the world are dizzy in the noodle.
Edie Adams	You aren't going to leave me alone are you?
Edie Adams	Well, we could tell them that we're here on an archeological expedition.
Edie Falco	I'm a very ritualistic, routine-oriented person, and I discovered over the years that I love working Monday through Friday.
Edie Falco	I love being able to take a nap in the afternoon.
Edie Falco	Coming home to my family afterward makes the work richer, easier and more fun.
Edie Falco	The second you are handed a newborn it is yours. It doesn't matter what body it came out of. I've never felt more strongly about anything in my life.
Edie Falco	We're living in a time when parenting is not at all mirroring the way I was parented. For me, I just followed my parents around on their errands; when they were busy on the phone, I was quiet. It's a different kettle of fish these days: They run the house, and you listen to their music, and you go to their appointments.
Edie Falco	In my household there is an insane amount of laughter and celebration.
Edie Falco	I'm not sad about any of my life. It's so unconventional. It doesn't look anything like I thought it would.
Edie Falco	My friends started having children after college, while I was pursuing this crazy acting career and living hand to mouth. Plus, all my boyfriends were artists struggling to make a living. Having kids didn't make any sense - why would I take on more of a financial burden when I couldn't even afford a dog?
Edie Falco	Being a single mother was the right thing for me. But I have a tremendous amount of help from my friends. They're in love with my kids, and my kids are in love with them.
Edie Falco	I'm an old-school, embarrassing Joni Mitchell fan. Her music made a hook in my soul and hasn't let go for all these years. I even sing her songs as lullabies to my kids.
Edie Falco	It's hard to notice things without people noticing me and that takes some getting used to.
Edie Falco	I was able to support myself by acting alone about six years ago. Until then, I was just scraping by.
Edie Falco	There's a little good and bad in everyone. Everybody I've ever loved is very complicated.
Edie Falco	I've also learned to no longer feel guilty if I'm invited out and don't want to go. If I start to say to myself, 'What's wrong with you that you're staying in five nights in a row to watch 'Forensic Files' instead of going out with your friends' I remind myself that it's what I need to do for myself at that point.
Edie Falco	I actually washed my window once, and it fell through - it was being held together by the dirt.
Edie Falco	I really am profoundly grateful just in general in my life. I've had an embarrassing amount of good fortune.
Edie Falco	My actual personality probably lies someplace between the two.
Edie Falco	Is it harder having kids and working? It definitely is, but the payoff is you get to go home to your kids, and it all balances out. And I know I'm a better mother when I'm engaged in something outside of the house.
Edie Falco	It's a very complicated issue, this fame thing - I was not really cut out for it. There are some really fantastic things about it, but it's difficult for a private person like myself.
Edie Falco	Writers, actors, anybody working on an ensemble-type thing, there are going to be some creaks in the beginning. It seems like there's tremendous potential in just letting things sort of breathe a little bit. It's tremendously important.
Edie Falco	I never really wanted kids. I didn't not want them, but motherhood just wasn't something that pulled at me.
Edie Falco	I grew up kind of a tomboy and I used to fight with all the neighborhood boys.
Edie Falco	I wanted to act; that was my one goal. I wanted to devote all my time to acting and not waitressing or anything else.
Edie Falco	I'm just not one of those people who thought having biological children was that important, to me it was more about wanting to raise a child.
Edie Falco	My kids have never seen me scream at anybody. They've never seen an argument. There's never been even a cold silence. And those are things that I grew up with because my parents did end up divorcing.
Edith Hamilton	A people's literature is the great textbook for real knowledge of them. The writings of the day show the quality of the people as no historical reconstruction can.
Edith Hamilton	None but a poet can write a tragedy. For tragedy is nothing less than pain transmuted into exaltation by the alchemy of poetry.
Edith Hamilton	Great art is the expression of a solution of the conflict between the demands of the world without and that within.
Edith Hamilton	When the freedom they wished for most was freedom from responsibility, then Athens ceased to be free and was never free again.
Edith Hamilton	The fullness of life is in the hazards of life.
Edith Hamilton	To be able to be caught up into the world of thought - that is being educated.
Edith Hamilton	Faith is not belief. Belief is passive. Faith is active.
Edith Hamilton	When the mind withdraws into itself and dispenses with facts it makes only chaos.
Edith Hamilton	Theories that go counter to the facts of human nature are foredoomed.
Edith Hamilton	Mind and spirit together make up that which separates us from the rest of the animal world, that which enables a man to know the truth and that which enables him to die for the truth.
Edith Hamilton	The modern minds in each generation are the critics who preserve us from a petrifying world, who will not leave us to walk undisturbed in the ways of our fathers.
Edmond About	Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
Edmond About	It was in the Papal States that I studied the Roman Question. I traveled over every part of the country; I conversed with men of all opinions, examined things very closely, and collected my information on the spot.
Edmond About	I have been further enlightened by the conversation and correspondence of some illustrious Italians, whom I would gladly name, were I not afraid of exposing them to danger.
Edmond About	I fight fairly, and in good faith.
Edmond About	But as the Pope has a long arm, which might reach me in France, I have gone a little out of the way to tell him the plain truths contained in these pages.
Edmond Halley	Nearer the gods no mortal may approach.
Edmond Halley	Scarce any problem will appear more hard and difficult, than that of determining the distance of the Sun from the Earth very near the truth: but even this... will without much labour be effected.
Edmond Halley	This sight... is by far the noblest astronomy affords.
Edmund Burke	Good order is the foundation of all things.
Edmund Burke	The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmund Burke	Those who don't know history are destined to repeat it.
Edmund Burke	All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.
Edmund Burke	The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Edmund Burke	To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting.
Edmund Burke	Under the pressure of the cares and sorrows of our mortal condition, men have at all times, and in all countries, called in some physical aid to their moral consolations - wine, beer, opium, brandy, or tobacco.
Edmund Burke	When the leaders choose to make themselves bidders at an auction of popularity, their talents, in the construction of the state, will be of no service. They will become flatterers instead of legislators; the instruments, not the guides, of the people.
Edmund Burke	Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
Edmund Burke	A spirit of innovation is generally the result of a selfish temper and confined views. People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors.
Edmund Burke	Hypocrisy can afford to be magnificent in its promises, for never intending to go beyond promise, it costs nothing.
Edmund Burke	But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
Edmund Burke	The first and simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind, is curiosity.
Edmund Burke	Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
Edmund Burke	When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
Edmund Burke	Slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.
Edmund Burke	No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
Edmund Burke	Our patience will achieve more than our force.
Edmund Burke	People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law; and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous.
Edmund Burke	Your representative owes you, not his industry only, but his judgment; and he betrays instead of serving you if he sacrifices it to your opinion.
Edmund Burke	Beauty is the promise of happiness.
Edmund Burke	There is but one law for all, namely that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity - the law of nature and of nations.
Edmund Burke	He that struggles with us strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper.
Edmund Burke	It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do.
Edmund Burke	The effect of liberty to individuals is that they may do what they please: we ought to see what it will please them to do, before we risk congratulations.
Edna Ferber	Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little.
Edna Ferber	Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling.
Edna Ferber	A closed mind is a dying mind.
Edna Ferber	Living the past is a dull and lonely business; looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.
Edna Ferber	Big doesn't necessarily mean better. Sunflowers aren't better than violets.
Edna Ferber	Being an old maid is like death by drowning, a really delightful sensation after you cease to struggle.
Edna Ferber	Roast beef, medium, is not only a food. It is a philosophy.
Edna Ferber	Writers should be read but not seen. Rarely are they a winsome sight.
Edna Ferber	A stricken tree, a living thing, so beautiful, so dignified, so admirable in its potential longevity, is, next to man, perhaps the most touching of wounded objects.
Edna Ferber	Any garment which is cut to fit you is much more becoming, even if it is not so splendid as a garment which has been cut to fit somebody not of your stature.
Edna Ferber	Life can't defeat a writer who is in love with writing, for life itself is a writer's lover until death.
Edna Ferber	A woman can look both moral and exciting... if she also looks as if it was quite a struggle.
Edna Ferber	It's terrible to realize you don't learn how to live until you're ready to die, and then it's too late.
Edna Ferber	If American politics are too dirty for women to take part in, there's something wrong with American politics.
Eduardo Galeano	History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.'
Eduardo Galeano	I'm attracted to soccer's capacity for beauty. When well played, the game is a dance with a ball.
Eduardo Galeano	We are all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine.
Eduardo Galeano	The purpose of torture is not getting information. It's spreading fear.
Eduardo Galeano	I am astonished each time I come to the U.S. by the ignorance of a high percentage of the population, which knows almost nothing about Latin America or about the world. It's quite blind and deaf to anything that may happen outside the frontiers of the U.S.
Eduardo Galeano	Almost all wars, perhaps all, are trade wars connected with some material interest. They are always disguised as sacred wars, made in the name of God, or civilization or progress. But all of them, or almost all of the wars, have been trade wars.
Eduardo Galeano	I am grateful to journalism for waking me up to the realities of the world.
Eduardo Galeano	Richness in the world is a result of other people's poverty. We should begin to shorten the abyss between haves and have-nots.
Eduardo Galeano	My language is a feel-thinking language, feeling and thinking at once, that is why it is a celebration of life, and at once it is a denunciation of everything that is not allowed in life to be real life, it's plenitude.
Eduardo Galeano	Disasters are called natural, as if nature were the executioner and not the victim.
Eduardo Galeano	Reality is very, very contradictory, and so I try to write just perfecting what I see, what I read, what I feel, in a feel-thinking way. Not only giving ideas, or receiving ideas, or trying to explain something, but mainly feel-thinking, a feel-thinking language able to tie the heart and the mind, which have been divorced.
Eduardo Galeano	The walls are the publishers of the poor.
Eduardo Galeano	If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it.
Eduardo Galeano	A lot of leftists think it is soccer's fault that people don't think, while most rightists are convinced that soccer is a proof that people think with their feet.
Eduardo Galeano	Each day has a story to - deserves to be told, because we are made of stories. I mean, scientists say that human beings are made of atoms, but a little bird told me that we are also made of stories.
Eduardo Galeano	Even though professional soccer has become more about business and less about the game itself, I still believe football is a party for the legs that play it and for the eyes that watch it.
Eduardo Galeano	I wanted to be a soccer player, and I became the best of the best, the number one, better than Maradona, better than Pele, and even better than Messi - but only at night, nighttime, during my dreams. When I wake up, I realized that I have wooden legs and that I'm doomed to be a writer.
Eduardo Galeano	In the Age of the Almighty Computer, drones are the perfect warriors. They kill without remorse, obey without kidding around, and they never reveal the names of their masters.
Eduardo Galeano	There is a tradition that sees journalism as the dark side of literature, with book writing at its zenith. I don't agree. I think that all written work constitutes literature, even graffiti.
Eduardo Galeano	Each time a new war is disclosed in the name of the fight of the good against evil, those who are killed are all poor. It's always the same story repeating once and again and again.
Eduardo Galeano	It's a difficult competition against silence, because silence is a perfect language, the only language which says with no words.
Eduardo Galeano	Always in all my books I'm trying to reveal or help to reveal the hidden greatness of the small, of the little, of the unknown - and the pettiness of the big.
Eduardo Galeano	Every two weeks, a language dies. The world is diminished when it loses its human sayings, just as when it loses its diversity of plants and beasts.
Eduardo Galeano	Indignation must always be the answer to indignity. Reality is not destiny.
Eduardo Galeano	Less is always more. The best language is silence. We live in a time of a terrible inflation of words, and it is worse than the inflation of money.
Edward Abbey	May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
Edward Abbey	Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
Edward Abbey	Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.
Edward Abbey	One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.
Edward Abbey	Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit.
Edward Abbey	You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light.
Edward Abbey	Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.
Edward Abbey	A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
Edward Abbey	There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.
Edward Abbey	For myself I hold no preferences among flowers, so long as they are wild, free, spontaneous. Bricks to all greenhouses! Black thumb and cutworm to the potted plant!
Edward Abbey	The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders.
Edward Abbey	The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.
Edward Abbey	Our 'neoconservatives' are neither new nor conservative, but old as Bablyon and evil as Hell.
Edward Abbey	Civilization is a youth with a molotov cocktail in his hand. Culture is the Soviet tank or L.A. cop that guns him down.
Edward Abbey	If the end does not justify the means - what can?
Edward Abbey	Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Edward Abbey	Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second.
Edward Abbey	When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Edward Abbey	The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages - as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already.
Edward Abbey	What is the purpose of the giant sequoia tree? The purpose of the giant sequoia tree is to provide shade for the tiny titmouse.
Edward Abbey	Grown men do not need leaders.
Edward Abbey	Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.
Edward Abbey	Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.
Edward Abbey	That which today calls itself science gives us more and more information, and indigestible glut of information, and less and less understanding.
Edward Abbey	A drink a day keeps the shrink away.
Edward Bach	Rest assured that whatever station of life we are placed, princely or lowly, it contains the lessons and experiences necessary at the moment for our evolution, and gives us the best advantage for the development of ourselves.
Edward Bach	The main reason for the failure of the modern medical science is that it is dealing with results and not causes. Nothing more than the patching up of those attacked and the burying of those who are slain, without a thought being given to the real strong hold.
Edward Bach	Disease is, in essence, the result of conflict between soul and mind, and will never be eradicated except by spiritual and mental effort.
Edward Bach	Suffering is a corrective to point out a lesson which by other means we have failed to grasp, and never can it be eradicated until that lesson is learnt.
Edward Bach	In our western civilization we have the glorious example, the great standard of perfection and the teachings of the Christ to guide us. He acts for us as Mediator between our personality and our Soul.
Edward Ball	The topic of slavery is like an electric fence. Touch it and people will react.
Edward Ball	Before the American Revolution there were frequent slave uprisings, and a lot of people would run away.
Edward Ball	It's not a common thing for a Southern white family to go out and seek their black cousins.
Edward Ball	Slavery in West Africa, and in Rome and in the Mediterranean, was something different than slavery in America.
Edward Ball	If you read the memoirs of slave-owning families, you'd be hard pressed to find evidence of black people in the lives of the whites, even though for most of the time on the plantations black people outnumbered whites by a ratio of seven to one.
Edward Ball	There are, after all, between seventy-five thousand and a hundred thousand descendants of the Ball-family slaves. If I were to begin apologizing to every one of these families, it would quickly become a meaningless act.
Edward Ball	There was a uniqueness to the American case of slavery. 10 million people, a conservative estimate, were brought to America... hundreds of people were set up in work camps, and hereditary-forced labor was put in place. That's a very different thing than the personal slavery that existed elsewhere.
Edward Ball	All of us in the Ball family in South Carolina, from the time we're children, hear stories about our ancestors, the slave owners.
Edward Dahlberg	When one realizes that his life is worthless he either commits suicide or travels.
Edward Dahlberg	Ambition is a Dead Sea fruit, and the greatest peril to the soul is that one is likely to get precisely what he is seeking.
Edward Dahlberg	Nothing in our times has become so unattractive as virtue.
Edward Dahlberg	Genius, like truth, has a shabby and neglected mien.
Edward Dahlberg	To write is a humiliation.
Edward Dahlberg	A strong foe is better than a weak friend.
Edward Dahlberg	It takes a long time to understand nothing.
Edward Dahlberg	Always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. Walt Disney Every decision you make is a mistake.
Edward Dahlberg	Man hoards himself when he has nothing to give away.
Edward Dahlberg	Men are mad most of their lives; few live sane, fewer die so. The acts of people are baffling unless we realize that their wits are disordered. Man is driven to justice by his lunacy.
Edward Dahlberg	Every decision you make is a mistake.
Edward Dahlberg	Writing is conscience, scruple, and the farming of our ancestors.
Edward Dahlberg	The machine has had a pernicious effect upon virtue, pity, and love, and young men used to machines which induce inertia, and fear, are near impotent.
Edward Dahlberg	So much of our lives is given over to the consideration of our imperfections that there is no time to improve our imaginary virtues. The truth is we only perfect our vices, and man is a worse creature when he dies than he was when he was born.
Edward Dahlberg	Herman Melville was as separated from a civilized literature as the lost Atlantis was said to have been from the great peoples of the earth.
Edward Dahlberg	The ancients understood the regulation of power better than the regulation of liberty.
Edward Dahlberg	The Americans have always been food, sex, and spirit revivalists.
Edward Dahlberg	The bad poet is a toady mimicking nature.
Edward Dahlberg	We can only write well about our sins because it is too difficult to recall a virtuous act or even whether it was the result of good or evil motives.
Edward Dahlberg	We cannot live, suffer or die for somebody else, for suffering is too precious to be shared.
Edward Elgar	English music is white - it evades everything.
Edward Elgar	I always said God was against art and I still believe it.
Edward Everett Hale	The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
Edward Everett Hale	I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do. And by the grace of God, I will.
Edward Everett Hale	I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.
Edward Everett Hale	Never bear more than one kind of trouble at a time. Some people bear three kinds of trouble - the ones they've had, the ones they have, and the ones they expect to have.
Edward Everett Hale	'Do you pray for the senators, Dr. Hale?' No, I look at the senators and I pray for the country.
Edward Everett Hale	Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
Edward Everett Hale	In the name of Hypocrites, doctors have invented the most exquisite form of torture ever known to man: survival.
Edward Everett Hale	If you have accomplished all that you have planned for yourself, you have not planned enough.
Edward Everett Hale	Wise anger is like fire from a flint: there is great ado to get it out; and when it does come, it is out again immediately.
Edward Everett Hale	To look forward and not back, To look out and not in, and To lend a hand.
Edward Everett Hale	War - hard apprenticeship of freedom.
Edward Felten	Innovation happens because there are people out there doing and trying a lot of different things.
Edward Felten	We're in a situation where the solutions that we have are not good enough. The way to improve anything is to have a discussion about its flaws. To understand what the one or two or three things are about it that would help fix it. The DMCA makes it dangerous to have that conversation.
Edward Felten	Given that you'll never be able to prevent copying, the question is, what can you do to minimize it? What can you do to make consumers happy enough with legitimate use of the system that they'll be willing to pay for it?
Edward Felten	The problem - when you cast your net that wide - is you inevitably catch something you don't want to catch.
Edward Felten	In making policy designed with copyright in mind, you end up making decisions about whether other important technologies, such as privacy-enhancing or file-search technologies, should be encouraged or discouraged. A collision is happening between creativity and protecting IP.
Edward Felten	The next generation of innovators, who need neutrality the most, are not at the bargaining table. They're hard at work in their labs or classrooms, dreaming of the next big thing, and hoping that the Internet is as open to them as it was to the founders of Google.
Edward Felten	Growth comes out of a healthy competitive atmosphere, not trying to choose a particular path forward.
Edward Felten	Vigorous enforcement of copyrights themselves is an important part of the picture. But I don't think that expanding the legal definition of copyright outside of actual copyright infringement is the right move.
Edward Felten	The question is not whether we want to keep this open, neutral Internet - we do, or should - but whether government rulemaking can give us the result we want.
Edward Felten	I think there are problems with compact disc copy protection that can't be resolved.
Edward Felten	Network operators need reasonable leeway to manage their networks.
Edward Felten	The secret of the Internet's success has been its openness to new services.
Edward Felten	And the user may have a higher comfort level deciding what information to provide rather than worrying about what inferences might be made from what they've gathered.
Edward Felten	Even if there were no illegal copying, the advent of digital distribution will put a lot of stress on the movie and music industry. When the distribution costs comes down, that puts more price pressure on the rest of the cost.
Edward Hall	Theatre is about people, not buildings. Incalculable damage has been done to the expert talent a company needs - from wardrobe to lighting technicians.
Edward Hall	Shakespeare reveals human nature brilliantly: he shines a light on our instinctive desire to dominate each other.
Edward Hall	While trying to protect the republic, the conspirators in Julius Caesar enable Mark Antony to triumph. In Rose Rage, the more Henry VI tries to fix things, the more they go wrong.
Edward Hall	Each organism, no matter how simple or complex, has around it a sacred bubble of space, a bit of mobile territoriality which only a few other organisms are allowed to penetrate and then only for short periods of time.
Edward Hall	I was a terrible actor. The analytical part of my mind never quite let go.
Edward Hall	I hate getting bored.
Edward Hall	I wanted to make the violence beautiful in order to heighten our revulsion.
Edward Hall	I'd love to do some new plays.
Edward Hall	It's amazing. I can't believe how brilliant the whole thing is - my daughter, Georgia, is just wonderful.
Edward Hall	Oh, come off it, I've only directed three plays for the RSC.
Edward Hall	People come to the theatre to be excited and uplifted - I want to inspire my audience.
Edward Hall	We felt that although they were patchy, there was a tremendous political energy in the Henry plays.
Edward Hall	We have cut the text, but what remains are Shakespeare's words.
Edward Hall	Normally, an actress has to work to bring out her male side. In our case, the dynamic is reversed. The actor playing her modelled himself on Sharon Stone.
Edward Irving	I perceive two things in Scotland of the most fearful omen: ignorance of theological truth, and a readiness to pride themselves in and boast of it.
Edward Irving	The state of my poor boy's health prevents me from leaving home for a night.
Edward Irving	The thing which grieves and oppresses my heart with respect to poor Scotland, is the hardness of heart manifest in the levity and cruelty with which they speak of others.
Edward Irving	The Evangelical party in the Church of Scotland will lay all flat if they be not prevented.
Edward Irving	I have thoroughly gone through the subject of the Incarnation; and if it served you, could at any time give you the history from the beginning of the controversies on this subject, and of its present form.
Edward T. Hall	For him to have understood me would have meant reorganizing his thinking... giving up his intellectual ballast, and few people are willing to risk such a radical move.
Edward T. Hall	The reason man does not experience his true cultural self is that until he experiences another self as valid he has little basis for validating his own self.
Edward T. Hall	The information is in the people, not in your head.
Edward T. Hall	I may be able to spot arrowheads on the desert but a refrigerator is a jungle in which I am easily lost.
Edward T. Hall	We should never denigrate any other culture but rather help people to understand the relationship between their own culture and the dominant culture. When you understand another culture or language, it does not mean that you have to lose your own culture.
Edward T. Hall	Culture is not made up but something that evolves which is human.
Edward T. Hall	Behind every piece of paper lies a human situation.
Edward T. Hall	How man evolved with such an incredible reservoir of talent and such fantastic diversity isn't completely understood... he knows so little and has nothing to measure himself against.
Edward T. Hall	Age affects how people experience time.
Edward T. Hall	Two points that are very important points to remember and ask: Is it real and does it work?
Edward T. Hall	Man is used to the fact that there are languages which he does not at first understand and which must be learned, but because art is primarily visual he expects that he should get the message immediately and is apt to be affronted if he doesn't.
Edward T. Hall	The future for us is the foreseeable future. The South Asian, however, feels that it is perfectly realistic to think of a 'long time' in terms of thousands of years.
Edward T. Hall	Now, you can't tell me, we have the only God in the whole world. You can't tell me that nobody else has God.
Edward VIII	Perhaps one of the only positive pieces of advice that I was ever given was that supplied by an old courtier who observed: Only two rules really count. Never miss an opportunity to relieve yourself; never miss a chance to sit down and rest your feet.
Edward VIII	When you're bored with yourself, marry and be bored with someone else.
Edward VIII	Of course, I do have a slight advantage over the rest of you. It helps in a pinch to be able to remind your bride that you gave up a throne for her.
Edward VIII	I like going there for golf. America's one vast golf course these days.
Edward VIII	I wanted to be an up-to-date king. But I didn't have much time.
Edward VIII	The thing that impresses me most about America is the way parents obey their children.
Edward VIII	These works brought all these people here. Something should be done to get them at work again.
Edward VIII	You all know the reasons which have impelled me to renounce the throne. But I want you to understand that in making up my mind I did not forget the country or the empire, which, as Prince of Wales and lately as King, I have for twenty-five years tried to serve.
Edward VIII	I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love.
Edward VIII	A boy is holding a girl so very tight in his arms tonight.
Edwidge Danticat	There is a frustration too, that at moments when there's not a coup, when there are not people in the streets, that the country disappears from people's consciousness.
Edwidge Danticat	And the fact that Haiti was occupied for 19 years by the United States, from 1915 to 1934.
Edwidge Danticat	I think daily that the country's future is being thrown to the wind.
Edwidge Danticat	In Haiti you had the Duvaliers for 29 years and they were very well supported by the United States.
Edwidge Danticat	People aren't really aware of what's happening in other places.
Edwidge Danticat	People who want alternative information have to try so hard to find it.
Edwidge Danticat	Someone has said that nations have interests, they don't have friends, and you see that over and over in U.S. policy.
Edwidge Danticat	Also, people are not often aware of the way the United States' policies influence what happens in places like Haiti or El Salvador or Nicaragua. Or in Columbia right now.
Edwidge Danticat	In fact that is the struggle that most Americans - As rich as this country is, most Americans are very limited in their interaction with the world, unless the world comes to us in a very shocking way.
Edwidge Danticat	I wanted to raise the voice of a lot of the people that I knew growing up, and this was, for the most part, poor people who had extraordinary dreams but also very amazing obstacles.
Edwidge Danticat	On some level, now, we are joining the larger world and realizing that we are connected with people in these very scary ways, sometimes. What happened recently in Spain affects us here and brings questions up. It is too bad that people have to be shaken up in that way.
Edwidge Danticat	You have all these people in the city and everything has become centralized. If you live outside the city and you need a birth certificate or some official paper from the government, you have to travel to the city.
Edwidge Danticat	On some levels, you can also have this feeling that we are being duped, somehow. And that the world is at play for something you would understand more if it were pure ideology. It is a very strange time and also basic things are being taken away.
Edwidge Danticat	People think that there is a country there that these people are only around when they are on CNN. I don't think that's limited to Haiti.
Edwidge Danticat	To start with, for example this year, 2004, is the bicentennial of Haitian independence.
Edwidge Danticat	Creating these messes that go from administration to administration and then you swoop in and clean them up - with that heroic Delta force - people not realizing that they were always there but doing different things than what we see them doing at the moment.
Edwidge Danticat	Especially moments when things are very difficult and complicated for me and I am still trying to grasp what is happening and I am still trying to understand and to reach family back home.
Edwidge Danticat	I think Haiti is a place that suffers so much from neglect that people only want to hear about it when It's at its extreme. And that's what they end up knowing about it.
Edwidge Danticat	In terms of the idea of long-term occupation - I have been reading a little bit more about this period - and you can see in that occupation are many lessons for the current occupation of Iraq. So we have these connections that go way back that people aren't aware of.
Edwidge Danticat	More and more people are able to access information - thank goodness we have the Internet and if you are interested you can find things. Which is different than even 20 years ago.
Edwidge Danticat	Napoleon had been fighting this army of slaves and free people in Haiti and it depleted his forces. And after the Revolution, when the French were driven out, they stopped and sold this big chunk of North America to the Americans for very little money.
Edwidge Danticat	Or even the state of Florida, where they are prepared to execute children. Umm, well, you hope that at least that there is something there to be claimed.
Edwidge Danticat	That's whatever news topic, whatever political process any country is going through - whenever they are in the news, that's when they exist. If you don't see them they don't exist.
Edwin Edwards	The only way I can lose is if I'm caught in bed with either a dead girl or a live boy.
Edwin Edwards	People say I've had brushes with the law. That's not true. I've had brushes with overzealous prosecutors.
Edwin Edwards	I will be a model prisoner, as I have been a model citizen.
Edwin Edwards	I never speak ill of dead people or live judges.
Edwin Edwards	I did not do anything wrong as a governor, even if you accept the verdict as it is, it doesn't indicate that.
Edwin Edwards	He's so slow that he takes an hour and a half to watch 60 Minutes.
Edwin Edwards	I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
Edy Ganem	I think, in the future, people are going to look back and say, 'I can't believe that gay and lesbian people had to fight to be able to get married.'
Edy Ganem	I was able to realize that I definitely want to make sure that I use my voice, as it gets bigger and bigger, in the world for good.
Edy Ganem	For a longer nail look, I get a gel manicure. They grow with the gel polish, and then I keep going until I want my natural, short nails back with the regular polish.
Edy Ganem	I always have at least four different lip products in my purse - I'm obsessed! I'm into L'Oreal Infallible Le Rouge 'Unending Kiss.' It's a very soft and natural pink color. I've also discovered Burt's Bees tinted lip balm in 'sweet violet.' I like it because it's very natural and feels good on my lips.
Edy Ganem	I like being a woman, but I'm a little rough around the edges. I've been bungee jumping twice, but I was scared.
Edy Ganem	I use the Clairsonic Cleansing system to wash my face three times a week.
Edy Ganem	I'm kind of fixated with old Hollywood, like Marilyn Monroe.
Edy Ganem	I feel that everyone has something different that moves them or that appeals to them. Maybe something in your family or maybe something in your life that happened that really pushes you for a specific cause - as long as there is something that you're doing.
Edy Ganem	I like guys who have a plan or a dream. A good sense of humor is also a must. I can be weird with my humor and say things that are random. You need to understand that I'm really goofy and go with it.
Edy Ganem	I like to stay in touch with the fans via social media a lot. I really get involved through Twitter and Instagram, if anyone wants to see what I'm doing.
Edy Ganem	I use my Bionic flat iron and hair dryer, all shampoo and conditioners are sulfate free, and keep the blow-drys to a minimum. If I can go two to three or even four days without washing my hair, I'll just go for it. I know, sounds gross, but otherwise, I'd be frying my hair.
Edy Ganem	Mainly, I have actually been getting involved with an organization called MALDEF. It's a Latino organization. And I would like to get involved with charities that have to do with children or homelessness or education, or all of them together.
Edy Ganem	No matter what you're doing. I feel that everyone has something different that moves them or that appeals to them. Maybe something in your family or maybe something in your life that happened that really pushes you for a specific cause - as long as there is something that you're doing.
Edy Ganem	Thinking of that movie 'The Artist'; if anyone ever needed to reach anyone, I'm just thinking they didn't have cell phones, they didn't have Internet, they didn't have email, so I always wonder how it was back then where you had to be home if you needed to get a phone call; otherwise, people couldn't get a hold of you.
Eileen Caddy	Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
Eileen Caddy	Gratitude helps you to grow and expand; gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you.
Eileen Caddy	Live and work but do not forget to play, to have fun in life and really enjoy it.
Eileen Caddy	Cease trying to work everything out with your minds. It will get you nowhere. Live by intuition and inspiration and let your whole life be Revelation.
Eileen Caddy	It is important from time to time to slow down, to go away by yourself, and simply be.
Eileen Caddy	Life is full and overflowing with the new. But it is necessary to empty out the old to make room for the new to enter.
Eileen Caddy	Expect your every need to be met. Expect the answer to every problem, expect abundance on every level.
Eileen Caddy	Seek always for the answer within. Be not influenced by those around you, by their thoughts or their words.
Eileen Caddy	A human being is a single being. Unique and unrepeatable.
Eileen Caddy	Let there be more joy and laughter in your living.
Eileen Caddy	A soul without a high aim is like a ship without a rudder.
Eileen Caddy	Stride forward with a firm, steady step knowing with a deep, certain inner knowing that you will reach every goal you set yourselves, that you will achieve every aim .
Eileen Caddy	What is right for one soul may not be right for another. It may mean having to stand on your own and do something strange in the eyes of others.
Eileen Davidson	You never know about life.
Eileen Davidson	I'm always like, 'I can't believe I sound like my mother.' I remember running out of the house telling, 'Put your shoes on or you're going to get sick!' That's an old wives' tale, but it's like some weird mind control that I would be like that.
Eileen Davidson	Some people say I appeared on the Phil Donahue show to tell 'my' sex change story but I've never appeared on his show for any reason... not even as a member of the studio audience.
Eion Bailey	I've been to Bali twice and Marrakech twice. I thought Vienna was great. I will take girlfriends to places they've never been before.
Eion Bailey	I've done two USO Tours, one in the Middle East and one in Asia, and spent time with the troops.
Eion Bailey	I'm very interested in soldier recovery projects and in Bradley Manning's story, the army intelligence officer who's being held as a detainee and is going to trial for crimes of treason.
Eknath Easwaran	Patience can't be acquired overnight. It is just like building up a muscle. Every day you need to work on it.
Eknath Easwaran	It takes a lot of experience of life to see why some relationships last and others do not. But we do not have to wait for a crisis to get an idea of the future of a particular relationship. Our behavior in little every incidents tells us a great deal.
Eknath Easwaran	Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Elbert Hubbard	Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.
Elbert Hubbard	Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Elbert Hubbard	A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Elbert Hubbard	The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
Elbert Hubbard	A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Elbert Hubbard	One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Elbert Hubbard	Responsibility is the price of freedom.
Elbert Hubbard	Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and every sunset will see you that much nearer to your goal.
Elbert Hubbard	To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard	The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
Elbert Hubbard	The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Elbert Hubbard	God will not look you over for medals degrees or diplomas, but for scars.
Elbert Hubbard	Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
Elbert Hubbard	The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.
Elbert Hubbard	Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Elbert Hubbard	He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words.
Elbert Hubbard	Our desires always disappoint us; for though we meet with something that gives us satisfaction, yet it never thoroughly answers our expectation.
Elbert Hubbard	Art is not a thing; it is a way.
Elbert Hubbard	Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself.
Elbert Hubbard	The greatest mistake you can make in life is continually fearing that you'll make one.
Elbert Hubbard	Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Elbert Hubbard	We work to become, not to acquire.
Elbert Hubbard	The highest reward that God gives us for good work is the ability to do better work.
Elbert Hubbard	He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
Elbert Hubbard	Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time.
Eleanor Roosevelt	With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
Eleanor Roosevelt	We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face... we must do that which we think we cannot.
Eleanor Roosevelt	We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Eleanor Roosevelt	A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Eleanor Roosevelt	The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt	You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
Eleanor Roosevelt	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt	People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
Eleanor Roosevelt	You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun; as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
Eleanor Roosevelt	In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Eleanor Roosevelt	It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
Eleanor Roosevelt	One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
Eleanor Roosevelt	I think, at a child's birth, if a mother could ask a fairy godmother to endow it with the most useful gift, that gift should be curiosity.
Eleanor Roosevelt	It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it.
Eleanor Roosevelt	You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being. With freedom comes responsibility. For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry is own weight, this is a frightening prospect.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
Eleanor Roosevelt	It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Have convictions. Be friendly. Stick to your beliefs as they stick to theirs. Work as hard as they do.
Eleanor Roosevelt	Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
Eleanor Roosevelt	A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	We spend most of our lives cutting down our ambitions because the world has told us to think small. Dreams express what your soul is telling you, so as crazy as your dream might seem - even to you - I don't care: You have to let that out.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	Anywhere the struggle is great, the level of ingenuity and inventiveness is high.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	In 1984-85, the year of the famine that killed nearly a million Ethiopians, I was an undergraduate at Cornell. At dinner one night, other students started throwing food. And suddenly - shocking myself - I got up on a chair and I screamed, 'Stop doing this! In my country people are starving!' In that moment, I knew that I owed my country something.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	In the American Midwest, farmers used to load grain onto barges and send it upriver to the Chicago market. But once it arrived, if no buyer was to be found, or if prices suddenly dropped, farmers would incur tremendous losses. And, in fact, would even dump the grain in Lake Michigan rather than spend more money transporting it back to their farms.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	Happiness is the freedom of choice. The freedom to choose where to live, what to do, what to buy, what to sell, from whom, to whom, when and how.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	Like its agriculture, Africa's markets are highly under-capitalized and inefficient. We know from our work around the continent that transaction costs of reaching the market, and the risks of transacting in rural, agriculture markets, are extremely high. In fact, only one third of agricultural output produced in Africa even reaches the market.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin	One way to express choice is through the market. Well-functioning markets provide choices and, ultimately, the ability to express one's pursuit for happiness.
Elias Canetti	All the things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
Elias Canetti	Adults find pleasure in deceiving a child. They consider it necessary, but they also enjoy it. The children very quickly figure it out and then practice deception themselves.
Elias Canetti	The fear of burglars is not only the fear of being robbed, but also the fear of a sudden and unexpected clutch out of the darkness.
Elias Canetti	There is nothing that man fears more than the touch of the unknown. He wants to see what is reaching towards him, and to be able to recognize or at least classify it. Man always tends to avoid physical contact with anything strange.
Elias Canetti	His head is made of stars, but not yet arranged into constellations.
Elias Canetti	People love as self-recognition what they hate as an accusation.
Elias Canetti	Justice requires that everyone should have enough to eat. But it also requires that everyone should contribute to the production of food.
Elias Canetti	Rulers who want to unleash war know very well that they must procure or invent a first victim.
Elias Canetti	Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
Elias Canetti	When you write down your life, every page should contain something no one has ever heard about.
Elias Canetti	The planet's survival has become so uncertain that any effort, any thought that presupposes an assured future amounts to a mad gamble.
Elias Canetti	Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.
Elias Canetti	Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.
Elias Canetti	As if one could know the good a person is capable of, when one doesn't know the bad he might do.
Elias Canetti	One should not confuse the craving for life with endorsement of it.
Elias Canetti	The profoundest thoughts of the philosophers have something trickle about them. A lot disappears in order for something to suddenly appear in the palm of the hand.
Elias Canetti	Every decision is liberating, even if it leads to disaster. Otherwise, why do so many people walk upright and with open eyes into their misfortune?
Elias Canetti	Someone who always has to lie discovers that every one of his lies is true.
Elias Canetti	The process of writing has something infinite about it. Even though it is interrupted each night, it is one single notation.
Elias Canetti	Pessimists are not boring. Pessimists are right. Pessimists are superfluous.
Elias Canetti	He who is obsessed by death is made guilty by it.
Elias Canetti	It doesn't matter how new an idea is: what matters is how new it becomes.
Elias Canetti	There is no such thing as an ugly language. Today I hear every language as if it were the only one, and when I hear of one that is dying, it overwhelms me as though it were the death of the earth.
Elias Canetti	The great writers of aphorisms read as if they had all known each other well.
Elias Canetti	A 'modern' man has nothing to add to modernism, if only because he has nothing to oppose it with. The well-adapted drop off the dead limb of time like lice.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	The five stages - denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance - are a part of the framework that makes up our learning to live with the one we lost. They are tools to help us frame and identify what we may be feeling. But they are not stops on some linear timeline in grief.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Denial helps us to pace our feelings of grief. There is a grace in denial. It is nature's way of letting in only as much as we can handle.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	It is important to feel the anger without judging it, without attempting to find meaning in it. It may take many forms: anger at the health-care system, at life, at your loved one for leaving. Life is unfair. Death is unfair. Anger is a natural reaction to the unfairness of loss.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Consciously or not, we are all on a quest for answers, trying to learn the lessons of life. We grapple with fear and guilt. We search for meaning, love, and power. We try to understand fear, loss, and time. We seek to discover who we are and how we can become truly happy.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Learning lessons is a little like reaching maturity. You're not suddenly more happy, wealthy, or powerful, but you understand the world around you better, and you're at peace with yourself. Learning life's lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Medicine has changed greatly in the last decades. Widespread vaccinations have practically eradicated many illnesses, at least in western Europe and the United States. The use of chemotherapy, especially the antibiotics, has contributed to an ever decreasing number of fatalities in infectious diseases.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	I always say that death can be one of the greatest experiences ever. If you live each day of your life right, then you have nothing to fear.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	According to my parents, I was supposed to have been a nice, churchgoing Swiss housewife. Instead I ended up an opinionated psychiatrist, author and lecturer in the American Southwest, who communicates with spirits from a world that I believe is far more loving and glorious than our own.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	We're put here on Earth to learn our own lessons. No one can tell you what your lessons are; it is part of your personal journey to discover them. On these journeys we may be given a lot, or just a little bit, of the things we must grapple with, but never more than we can handle.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.'
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross	I think modern medicine has become like a prophet offering a life free of pain. It is nonsense. The only thing I know that truly heals people is unconditional love.
Elisabetta Canalis	At the end of the day I have always seen the end of my relationships as a personal failure. There is nothing ever pretty in saying goodbye.
Elisabetta Canalis	In the past I would self destruct when it came to love - I was immature, throwing myself into things but now times have changed, I want a relationship where you understand the other person.
Elisabetta Canalis	American men are more open, they are readier to express their emotions, but they also get frightened easily. Italians are used to drama. For us, arguing, shouting is perfectly normal - for them it is inconceivable.
Elisabetta Canalis	My maternal desires are fully satisfied with my dogs.
Elisabetta Canalis	Since I was a little kid, I was against fur. I never wore fur in my life.
Elisabetta Canalis	Sometimes when I flick through a magazine and see these thin models I'm left wondering what effect they can have on an insecure person. But I say to girls: forget what you see in the magazines, that is a world which has nothing to do with reality; think of it as a cartoon.
Elisabetta Canalis	I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married.
Elisabetta Canalis	I don't always have the stomach muscles I have, and I get cellulite as well like everyone else.
Elisabetta Canalis	I have always seen cold and controlled men as the right ones for me.
Elisabetta Canalis	I love variety in my life.
Elisabetta Canalis	I'm a bit of a tomboy, but when it comes to love I am a doormat.
Elisabetta Canalis	I'm looking for men who can give me security.
Eliza Farnham	The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
Eliza Farnham	Each of the Arts whose office is to refine, purify, adorn, embellish and grace life is under the patronage of a Muse, no god being found worthy to preside over them.
Eliza Farnham	Our own theological Church, as we know, has scorned and vilified the body till it has seemed almost a reproach and a shame to have one, yet at the same time has credited it with power to drag the soul to perdition.
Eliza Farnham	The ultimate aim of the human mind, in all its efforts, is to become acquainted with Truth.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	You were made perfectly to be loved - and surely I have loved you, in the idea of you, my whole life long.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	My sun sets to raise again.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Earth's crammed with heaven, And every common bush afire with God: But only he who sees takes off his shoes.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	God answers sharp and sudden on some prayers, And thrusts the thing we have prayed for in our face, A gauntlet with a gift in it.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	First time he kissed me, he but only kissed The fingers of this hand wherewith I write; And, ever since, it grew more clean and white.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Who so loves believes the impossible.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	God's gifts put man's best dreams to shame.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	And each man stands with his face in the light. Of his own drawn sword, ready to do what a hero can.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Girls blush, sometimes, because they are alive, half wishing they were dead to save the shame. The sudden blush devours them, neck and brow; They have drawn too near the fire of life, like gnats, and flare up bodily, wings and all. What then? Who's sorry for a gnat or girl?
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	Light tomorrow with today!
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	At painful times, when composition is impossible and reading is not enough, grammars and dictionaries are excellent for distraction.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	What I do and what I dream include thee, as the wine must taste of its own grapes.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	World's use is cold, world's love is vain, world's cruelty is bitter bane; but is not the fruit of pain.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	The Greeks said grandly in their tragic phrase, 'Let no one be called happy till his death;' to which I would add, 'Let no one, till his death, be called unhappy.'
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	What is genius but the power of expressing a new individuality?
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	If you desire faith, then you have faith enough.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	How many desolate creatures on the earth have learnt the simple dues of fellowship and social comfort, in a hospital.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	An ignorance of means may minister to greatness, but an ignorance of aims make it impossible to be great at all.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	But the child's sob curses deeper in the silence than the strong man in his wrath!
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	For tis not in mere death that men die most.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning	He said true things, but called them by wrong names.
Elizabeth Daily	I don't I have everything I want; however, I have a lot and for that I am very grateful.
Elizabeth Daily	I am single and happy.
Elizabeth Daily	I love going to the movies and being moved emotionally. I like my work, singing and writing in my journal.
Elizabeth Daily	I love having my hair blown dry by a stylist and I also truly enjoy being with my friends and family.
Elizabeth David	Everyday holds the possibility of a miracle.
Elizabeth David	An awful lot of people think it's easy to lift recipes out.
Elizabeth David	I don't copy recipes without trying them out. I don't reprint without trying them again.
Elizabeth David	I'm very interested in my new kitchen equipment shop. I've started it with two friends.
Elizabeth David	Writing doesn't come easily to me. It gets more and more difficult.
Elizabeth Edwards	But I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful.
Elizabeth Edwards	Resilience is accepting your new reality, even if it's less good than the one you had before.
Elizabeth Edwards	A positive attitude is not going to save you. What it's going to do is, everyday, between now and the day you die, whether that's a short time from now or a long time from now, that every day, you're going to actually live.
Elizabeth Edwards	You all know that I have been sustained throughout my life by three saving graces - my family, my friends, and a faith in the power of resilience and hope. These graces have carried me through difficult times and they have brought more joy to the good times than I ever could have imagined.
Elizabeth Edwards	You recognize a survivor when you see one. You recognize a fighter when you see one.
Elizabeth Edwards	The days of our lives, for all of us, are numbered. We know that. And yes, there are certainly times when we aren't able to muster as much strength and patience as we would like. It's called being human.
Elizabeth Edwards	I could be wrong, but I think heterosexual marriage is threatened more by heterosexuals. I don't know why gay marriage challenges my marriage in any way.
Elizabeth Edwards	I don't expect to get yesterday's medicine. If I can help it, I'd like to get tomorrow's medicine.
Elizabeth Edwards	I've often said that the most important thing you can give your children is wings. Because, you're not gonna always be able to bring food to the nest. You're... sometimes... they're gonna have to be able to fly by themselves.
Elizabeth Edwards	It takes a lot of work to put together a marriage, to put together a family and a home.
Elizabeth Edwards	Part of resilience is deciding to make yourself miserable over something that matters, or deciding to make yourself miserable over something that doesn't matter.
Elizabeth Edwards	My heart goes out to the grieving parents who lost their two-year-old or their newborn.
Elizabeth Edwards	Cancer is not a straight line. It's up and down.
Elizabeth Edwards	Everybody has their burdens, their grief that they carry with them.
Elizabeth Edwards	Successful health reform must not just make health insurance affordable, affordable health insurance has to make health care affordable.
Elizabeth Edwards	I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being.
Elizabeth Edwards	I want to reclaim who I am.
Elizabeth Edwards	I'm not a victim - I never want to be perceived that way.
Elizabeth Edwards	I was an English major in college, and then I went to graduate school in English at the University of North Carolina for three years.
Elizabeth Edwards	In a sense, having cancer takes you by the shoulders and shakes you.
Elizabeth Edwards	I think that it is our intention to deny cancer any control over us.
Elizabeth Edwards	There is nothing about resilience that I can say that my father did not first utter silently in eighteen years of living inside a two-dimensional cutout of himself.
Elizabeth Edwards	I am imperfect in a million ways, but I always thought I was the kind of woman, the kind of wife to whom a husband would be faithful.
Elizabeth Edwards	You have to have enough respect for other human beings to leave their lives alone. If you admire that life, build it for yourself. Don't just try to come in and take somebody else's life.
Elizabeth Edwards	My job as the mother of daughters is to make sure my children see that every opportunity is available to them.
Elizabeth Gaskell	The cloud never comes from the quarter of the horizon from which we watch for it.
Elizabeth Gaskell	How easy it is to judge rightly after one sees what evil comes from judging wrongly!
Elizabeth Gaskell	People may flatter themselves just as much by thinking that their faults are always present to other people's minds, as if they believe that the world is always contemplating their individual charms and virtues.
Elizabeth Gaskell	Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.
Elizabeth Gaskell	I'll not listen to reason... reason always means what someone else has got to say.
Elizabeth Gaskell	To be sure a stepmother to a girl is a different thing to a second wife to a man!
Elizabeth Gaskell	A little credulity helps one on through life very smoothly.
Elizabeth Gaskell	Madam your wife and I didn't hit it off the only time I ever saw her. I won't say she was silly, but I think one of us was silly, and it wasn't me.
Elizabeth Gaskell	My heart burnt within me with indignation and grief; we could think of nothing else. All night long we had only snatches of sleep, waking up perpetually to the sense of a great shock and grief. Every one is feeling the same. I never knew so universal a feeling.
Elizabeth Gaskell	A wise parent humors the desire for independent action, so as to become the friend and advisor when his absolute rule shall cease.
Elizabeth I	I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
Elizabeth I	A clear and innocent conscience fears nothing.
Elizabeth I	I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman, but I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England too.
Elizabeth I	Though the sex to which I belong is considered weak you will nevertheless find me a rock that bends to no wind.
Elizabeth I	Fear not, we are of the nature of the lion, and cannot descend to the destruction of mice and such small beasts.
Elizabeth I	There is nothing about which I am more anxious than my country, and for its sake I am willing to die ten deaths, if that be possible.
Elizabeth I	I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything.
Elizabeth I	There is one thing higher than Royalty: and that is religion, which causes us to leave the world, and seek God.
Elizabeth I	I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
Elizabeth I	The past cannot be cured.
Elizabeth I	I pray to God that I shall not live one hour after I have thought of using deception.
Elizabeth I	I would rather go to any extreme than suffer anything that is unworthy of my reputation, or of that of my crown.
Elizabeth I	God forgive you, but I never can.
Elizabeth I	All my possessions for a moment of time.
Elizabeth I	A fool too late bewares when all the peril is past.
Elizabeth I	God has given such brave soldiers to this Crown that, if they do not frighten our neighbours, at least they prevent us from being frightened by them.
Elizabeth I	One man with a head on his shoulders is worth a dozen without.
Elizabeth I	Do not tell secrets to those whose faith and silence you have not already tested.
Elizabeth I	Brass shines as fair to the ignorant as gold to the goldsmiths.
Elizabeth I	I do not so much rejoice that God hath made me to be a Queen, as to be a Queen over so thankful a people.
Elizabeth I	Those who appear the most sanctified are the worst.
Elizabeth I	If thy heart fails thee, climb not at all.
Elizabeth I	Must! Is must a word to be addressed to princes? Little man, little man! Thy father, if he had been alive, durst not have used that word.
Elizabeth I	Where minds differ and opinions swerve there is scant a friend in that company.
Elizabeth I	He who placed me in this seat will keep me here.
Elizabeth Taylor	It is strange that the years teach us patience; that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.
Elizabeth Taylor	My mother says I didn't open my eyes for eight days after I was born, but when I did, the first thing I saw was an engagement ring. I was hooked.
Elizabeth Taylor	I fell off my pink cloud with a thud.
Elizabeth Taylor	I'm a survivor - a living example of what people can go through and survive.
Elizabeth Taylor	I adore wearing gems, but not because they are mine. You can't possess radiance, you can only admire it.
Elizabeth Taylor	You find out who your real friends are when you're involved in a scandal.
Elizabeth Taylor	I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.
Elizabeth Taylor	It's not the having, it's the getting.
Elizabeth Taylor	When people say, 'She's got everything', I've got one answer - I haven't had tomorrow.
Elizabeth Taylor	The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
Elizabeth Taylor	Big girls need big diamonds.
Elizabeth Taylor	I don't think President Bush is doing anything at all about Aids. In fact, I'm not sure he even knows how to spell Aids.
Elizabeth Taylor	Success is a great deodorant.
Elizabeth Taylor	I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
Elizabeth Taylor	Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.
Elizabeth Taylor	I've always admitted that I'm ruled by my passions.
Elizabeth Taylor	I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.
Elizabeth Taylor	I think I'm finally growing up - and about time.
Elizabeth Taylor	Everything makes me nervous - except making films.
Elizabeth Taylor	I have a woman's body and a child's emotions.
Elizabeth Taylor	So much to do, so little done, such things to be.
Elizabeth Taylor	I don't pretend to be an ordinary housewife.
Elizabeth Taylor	I am a very committed wife. And I should be committed too - for being married so many times.
Elizabeth Taylor	If someone's dumb enough to offer me a million dollars to make a picture, I'm certainly not dumb enough to turn it down.
Elizabeth Taylor	I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?
Ella Baker	Give light and people will find the way.
Ella Baker	One of the things that has to be faced is the process of waiting to change the system, how much we have got to do to find out who we are, where we have come from and where we are going.
Ella Baker	Strong people don't need strong leaders.
Elle Fanning	I don't think you should try to be anything you're not. If you're not smiling all the time or always happy - I don't think it matters. If you're having bad day, show you're having a bad day. Don't try to put up something that's fake.
Elle Fanning	For my own style, I love vintage. 60's and 70's are my favorite. I love baby doll dresses and the soft colors. I try to mix a little bit of modern into that - maybe I'll wear it with boots. At my school we wear a uniform, but we have one day a week we can wear whatever we want.
Elle Fanning	I like to be very girly, with bows and ruffles on the red carpet. I love pastel colours, especially blue. Me and my sister both because of our eyes look good in blues.
Elle Fanning	I'm a big fish eater. Salmon - I love salmon. My sister loves Chinese food and sushi and all that. I'm not as big of a fan, but she likes it so we eat it a lot. So I'm beginning to like it more. I don't like the raw sushi. I liked the cooked crab and lobster and everything.
Elle Fanning	I have a sliding glass door on my closet, and when I slide it one way I can see all my uniforms, and the other way is all my own clothes.
Elle Fanning	I love the '70s, I'm very into that right now. The long Chloe dresses, very Virgin Suicides.
Elle Fanning	I'm a normal kid, really. I just love to act.
Elle Fanning	After 'Somewhere' came out, people started to recognize me more. Whenever I was walking down the street, they'd be like, 'Oh, wow - are you Elle Fanning?' Before 'Somewhere,' they asked me if I was Dakota Fanning, because we looked alike, and I'd say, 'No, I'm her younger sister.'
Elle Fanning	I like mixing things. I wear a lot of boots. Love boots. And then jeans, but I like to wear them with a really ruffly top. Or I love high-waisted anything.
Elle Fanning	I would like to continue acting. But also - if this is a dream world where everything could become true - I'd want to be a ballerina.
Elle Fanning	I can't really remember my life without movies.
Elle Fanning	What's the best part of a movie? I love to know what my name is. It's just so fun. That's the first thing I ask. It's just fun because you have a different name in every movie.
Elle Fanning	I just worked with Sofia Coppola and that was amazing. I learned so much from her. I can't even describe how much fun I had.
Elle Fanning	I like necklaces that are short, the way skateboarders used to wear them in the seventies.
Elle Fanning	I love fashion! I love clothes! I really like vintage clothes, so in my closet there's a lot of '50s stuff. I go to the stores and shop around.
Elle Fanning	I sort of make believe. That's why I like acting. You can create or imagine anything.
Elle Fanning	I'd much rather dress like a 5 year old than a 21 year old. I'd much rather wear a puffy sleeved shirt than some low-cut top.
Elle Fanning	I'm pretty good with not being afraid to just go up to people and introduce myself.
Elle Fanning	We take art, and I love all that. But I also like science for some reason. I just like finding out why things happen.
Elle Fanning	When I go home, I play with my baby dolls and strollers and stuffed animals, pretend like they're real dogs.
Elle Fanning	I've been on 'Criminal Minds' twice! On the first show, a boy brought kids out to the woods and was beating them with a baseball bat, but I got away. Then they brought Tracy, my character, back - as a kidnapped girl. They saved me two times! Tracy lived!
Elle Fanning	I make movies the same way other kids play tennis or go to piano lessons. I'm trying to get better at what I want to do, just like other kids are trying to get better at what they want to do.
Elle Fanning	I wore the Marc Jacobs dress, so I love Marc Jacobs. He has a vintage flair. But I've always worn a lot of vintage stuff, so it hasn't been a lot of designers. If I see something that I like, I just buy it.
Elle Fanning	Dakota Fanning is my favorite actress.
Elle Fanning	I always look at Style.com and look at all the designers and I know all the model's names.
Ellen DeGeneres	My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.
Ellen DeGeneres	If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that.
Ellen DeGeneres	I don't pay attention to the number of birthdays. It's weird when I say I'm 53. It just is crazy that I'm 53. I think I'm very immature. I feel like a kid. That's why my back goes out all the time, because I completely forget I can't do certain things anymore - like doing the plank for 10 minutes.
Ellen DeGeneres	We focus so much on our differences, and that is creating, I think, a lot of chaos and negativity and bullying in the world. And I think if everybody focused on what we all have in common - which is - we all want to be happy.
Ellen DeGeneres	Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values.
Ellen DeGeneres	So many people prefer to live in drama because it's comfortable. It's like someone staying in a bad marriage or relationship - it's actually easier to stay because they know what to expect every day, versus leaving and not knowing what to expect.
Ellen DeGeneres	Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings.
Ellen DeGeneres	Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Ellen DeGeneres	We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that.
Ellen DeGeneres	I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me.
Ellen DeGeneres	It's our challenges and obstacles that give us layers of depth and make us interesting. Are they fun when they happen? No. But they are what make us unique. And that's what I know for sure... I think.
Ellen DeGeneres	I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her.
Ellen DeGeneres	I'm not an activist; I don't look for controversy. I'm not a political person, but I'm a person with compassion. I care passionately about equal rights. I care about human rights. I care about animal rights.
Ellen DeGeneres	People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant.
Ellen DeGeneres	Sometimes you can't see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
Ellen DeGeneres	We have two dogs, Mabel and Wolf, and three cats at home, Charlie, George and Chairman. We have two cats on our farm, Tom and Little Sister, two horses, and two mini horses, Hannah and Tricky. We also have two cows, Holy and Madonna. And those are only the animals we let sleep in our bed.
Ellen DeGeneres	I work really hard at trying to see the big picture and not getting stuck in ego. I believe we're all put on this planet for a purpose, and we all have a different purpose... When you connect with that love and that compassion, that's when everything unfolds.
Ellen DeGeneres	The world is full of a lot of fear and a lot of negativity, and a lot of judgment. I just think people need to start shifting into joy and happiness. As corny as it sounds, we need to make a shift.
Ellen DeGeneres	I was raised in an atmosphere of 'everything's fine.' But as I got older, I was like, 'Well no, everything's not fine. There is stuff that's sad.' I am a really sensitive person. I think I am too sensitive sometimes.
Ellen DeGeneres	The only thing I really recommend, if you're starting out in stand-up is to not try to copy anybody else. You can be influenced by people. I was influenced by Steve Martin and Bob Newhart and Woody Allen, but I never tried to be someone else. I always tried to be myself. And the reason people are successful is they're unique.
Ellen DeGeneres	I hate having to do small talk. I'd rather talk about deep subjects. I'd rather talk about meditation, or the world, or the trees or animals, than small, inane, you know, banter.
Ellen DeGeneres	I am saddened by how people treat one another and how we are so shut off from one another and how we judge one another, when the truth is, we are all one connected thing. We are all from the same exact molecules.
Ellen DeGeneres	In the beginning there was nothing. God said, 'Let there be light!' And there was light. There was still nothing, but you could see it a whole lot better.
Ellen DeGeneres	I like being busy and juggling a lot of things at the same time. I get bored easily, so I need to do a lot.
Ellen DeGeneres	I get those fleeting, beautiful moments of inner peace and stillness - and then the other 23 hours and 45 minutes of the day, I'm a human trying to make it through in this world.
Ellen Gallagher	When a writer makes something, it's theirs forever. That is the magic for me.
Ellen Gallagher	I do think you can change the past and the present somehow. Even if something has already happened, it doesn't mean it's settled.
Ellen Gallagher	There's so much happenstance, so many accidents - stumbling into something and finding it interesting and living with it over time and building on it. It's okay to work from doubt. You need to be willing to not know.
Ellen Gallagher	My work is on the one hand laboured, and on the other completely happenstance and intuitive.
Ellen Gallagher	Regardless of your support, you need to make work.
Ellen Gallagher	My work is on the one hand laboured, and on the other completely happenstance and intuitive. But that's the swish in the work, I think. It's really important to me that the work isn't just sitting on top of something, that the materials are woven together - that they are recognisable and from the world.
Elliott Abrams	First impressions matter. Experts say we size up new people in somewhere between 30 seconds and two minutes.
Elliott Abrams	In Iran, there is no freedom of the press, no freedom of speech, no independent judiciary, no free elections. There is no freedom of religion - not even for Shiites, who are forced by Iran's theocracy to adhere to one narrow set of official rules.
Elliott Abrams	Elections matter, but how much they matter depends entirely on how free, open and fair they are.
Elliott Abrams	Thousands of members of Congress have come and gone over the years, their individual achievements hidden in committee reports, private compromises, amendments pushed through or blocked, and innumerable, unnoticed meetings.
Elliott Abrams	The intersection of religion and world politics has often been a bloody crossroads.
Elliott Abrams	After 9/11, we did see Palestinian terrorism in the context of all terrorism.
Elliott Abrams	Libya as a country is a relatively new concept. The period of Libya as a modern nation really starts after World War II.
Elliott Abrams	Now in its third year in office, the Obama Administration has never championed the cause of human rights. Its slow reaction in June 2009 to the stealing of the election in Iran and the birth of the 'Green Movement' there, and its delay in backing the rebellions in Egypt, Libya, and Syria, are evidence of this problem.
Elliott Abrams	Sometimes the results of a first free election will find the moderates so poorly organized that extreme groups can eke out a victory, as Hamas did when it gained a 44-to-41 percent margin in the Palestinian election of 2006.
Elliott Abrams	At the height of the Cold War, when Ronald Reagan was president, the Soviets and their allies and satellites did not shirk human rights debates with the West. They had their arguments ready.
Elliott Abrams	During the election campaign of 2000, it was generally thought that then-governor Bush didn't know much about foreign policy or national security affairs, and that Colin Powell would lead on that front, while the president's main concern would be domestic.
Elliott Abrams	Harry Truman, who was a Bible-believing Christian Zionist, defied the secretary of state he so admired, George C. Marshall, and won a place in Israel's history by recognizing the new state 11 minutes after it declared its independence in 1948.
Elliott Abrams	In critical ways, Obama has reversed not just Bush policy but every president's approach to the world since the Second World War, save for that of his soulmate Jimmy Carter.
Elliott Abrams	Obama's foreign policy is strangely self-centered, focused on himself and the United States rather than on the conduct and needs of the nations the United States allies with, engages with, or must confront.
Elliott Abrams	Opponents of U.S. sanctions have made 'unilateral sanctions' their special target. They argue that sanctions observed by many nations would be much more effective. True enough. Far better for trade with an outlaw regime to be restricted by many nations than by just one.
Elliott Abrams	The story of the Jews in the Bible is replete with incidents of their ingratitude to God for His gifts to them: incidents that just as repeatedly merit and receive punishment.
Elliott Abrams	The war on drugs is not being won, and it continues to threaten stability and democracy not only in the Andes but throughout the Caribbean as well, where tiny police and military forces are outclassed by the sophisticated equipment in the hands of traffickers passing through the region on the way to their market in this country.
Elliott Abrams	When a deeply sympathetic American president asks for concessions and compromises and appears able to cajole some from the Palestinians, which was the Clinton/Rabin and Bush/Sharon combination, Israel must respond.
Elliott Abrams	We need to understand that an open society and free speech and press... really are the best weapons against al Qaeda and extremism.
Elliott Abrams	There isn't any way for the people of Nicaragua to find out what's going on in Nicaragua.
Elliott Abrams	The mishandling of the would-be airplane bomber Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab's visa is only the latest piece of evidence that the granting of visas should be taken away from the State Department. For the granting of visas - especially today, when terrorism is such a complex threat - is far closer to being a law-enforcement function.
Elliott Abrams	At the United Nations, a lynch mob for Israel is always just a moment away.
Elliott Abrams	Does anyone believe that Kofi Annan scares Bashar Assad?
Elliott Abrams	Dubai must crack down on rampant smuggling, and the U.A.E. federal government has significantly stepped up pressure.
Elliott Abrams	During most of the Bush administration, human rights and democracy in Egypt were on the front burner.
Elton Gallegly	You took care of your horse, and your horse took care of you.
Elton Gallegly	Hospitals are closing across the country due to the burden of illegal immigration, college students find that summer jobs have dried up due to illegal immigration, and wages across the board are depressed by the overwhelming influx of cheap and illegal labor.
Elton Gallegly	Instead, California is one of only 10 states that provides in-state college and university tuition to illegal immigrants. That's grossly unfair to a legal high school student who moves out of California for a year, then returns to attend college.
Elton Gallegly	I have great respect for President Bush, Secretary Powell and Secretary Ridge.
Elton Gallegly	President Reagan is now at rest. We mourn his passing, but we are grateful for the gifts he gave us: a safer world, strong economic base, and a renewed belief in America's greatness.
Elton Gallegly	We are a nation of immigrants, but we are also a nation of laws.
Elton Gallegly	Congress has greatly tightened the loopholes terrorists can use to harm Americans. We need to do more. We need controls immediately on what forms of ID are adequate to board planes and enter secure sites.
Elton Gallegly	Every unskilled illegal immigrant who enters the United States for work drives up healthcare costs for every American. And, every illegal immigrant we turn a blind eye toward weakens the rule of law our country is founded on.
Elton Gallegly	It's been argued that of all the animals humans have domesticated, the horse is the most important to our history. For thousands of years, horses were our most reliable mode of transportation.
Elton Gallegly	Since achieving their independence in 1992, the people of Croatia have built a democratic society based on the rule of law, respect for human rights, and a free market economy.
Elton Gallegly	As a former mayor, I know that local governments must have control over land use decisions.
Elton Gallegly	Consular cards are easily obtained with no proof of true identity and are easily forged.
Elton Gallegly	Horsemeat in many European and Asian countries is consumed as a delicacy.
Elton Gallegly	More than 65,000 horses were slaughtered in the United States in 2004, a 50 percent increase since 2002.
Elton Gallegly	Among other things, the Real ID Act sets minimum security criteria that states would have to meet to have their driver's licenses accepted as identification to board a commercial flight or enter federal facilities.
Elton Gallegly	Consular cards were not designed to be identification and no treaty recognizes them as such. Legal travelers, visitors and long-term residents carried passports, visas or green cards for that purpose.
Elton Gallegly	Consular offices make no attempt to determine whether the person obtaining the card is legally in the United States. In fact, the only people who need these cards are illegal immigrants, criminals and terrorists. Consular cards also are easily forged.
Elton Gallegly	In addition, California spends nearly $1 billion a year in Medi-Cal services for an average of 780,000 illegal immigrants a month, over and above emergency health services.
Elton Gallegly	It is our hope that in future discussions with the Mexican government, you will encourage Mexico to do its part to address illegal immigration rather than encourage their citizens to illegally enter the U.S.
Elton Gallegly	President Reagan achieved such successes because when you sat in a room with him, there could be over 1,000 people in the room, yet you felt like there was only the two of you, and his wonderful wit would put you at ease. That was a tremendous gift.
Elton Gallegly	The fifth amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees that no private property shall be taken for a public use without the payment of just compensation.
Elton Gallegly	While a strong presence on our southern border is imperative, the border cannot be secured unless we enforce our internal laws and stop ignoring the open complicity of U.S. companies and foreign nations to promote illegal activities.
Embeth Davidtz	I've accepted I can't rely on my work alone; I must market myself. The truly spectacular roles do go to the girls who actively promote their popularity.
Embeth Davidtz	The smartest people I know have that extra edge. The risk is always there that you'll look terribly undignified and slobbering, and inside I cringe about that, but I should be more aggressive.
Embeth Davidtz	I was amazed at the rosy glow that can be around one when you're in a film that's done well.
Emily Bronte	Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
Emily Bronte	I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.
Emily Bronte	Love is like the wild rose-briar; Friendship like the holly-tree. The holly is dark when the rose-briar blooms, but which will bloom most constantly?
Emily Bronte	I'll walk where my own nature would be leading: It vexes me to choose another guide.
Emily Bronte	A good heart will help you to a bonny face, my lad and a bad one will turn the bonniest into something worse than ugly.
Emily Bronte	Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Emily Bronte	If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.
Emily Bronte	Honest people don't hide their deeds.
Emily Bronte	I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal.
Emily Bronte	A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
Emily Bronte	The tyrant grinds down his slaves and they don't turn against him, they crush those beneath them.
Emily Bronte	I cannot express it: but surely you and everybody have a notion that there is, or should be, an existence of yours beyond you.
Emily Bronte	I am now quite cured of seeking pleasure in society, be it country or town. A sensible man ought to find sufficient company in himself.
Emily Bronte	Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living.
Emily Bronte	Terror made me cruel.
Emily Bronte	Having leveled my palace, don't erect a hovel and complacently admire your own charity in giving me that for a home.
Emily Dickinson	I dwell in possibility.
Emily Dickinson	I argue thee that love is life. And life hath immortality.
Emily Dickinson	Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all.
Emily Dickinson	If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Emily Dickinson	Dogs are better than human beings because they know but do not tell.
Emily Dickinson	They might not need me; but they might. I'll let my head be just in sight; a smile as small as mine might be precisely their necessity.
Emily Dickinson	Saying nothing... sometimes says the most.
Emily Dickinson	Because I could not stop for death, He kindly stopped for me; The carriage held but just ourselves and immortality.
Emily Dickinson	Beauty is not caused. It is.
Emily Dickinson	Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
Emily Dickinson	Behavior is what a man does, not what he thinks, feels, or believes.
Emily Dickinson	If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
Emily Dickinson	That it will never come again is what makes life sweet.
Emily Dickinson	Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
Emily Dickinson	The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
Emily Dickinson	Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.
Emily Dickinson	The brain is wider than the sky.
Emily Dickinson	My friends are my estate.
Emily Dickinson	Morning without you is a dwindled dawn.
Emily Dickinson	Luck is not chance, it's toil; fortune's expensive smile is earned.
Emily Dickinson	To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Emily Dickinson	Where thou art, that is home.
Emily Dickinson	A wounded deer leaps the highest.
Emily Dickinson	For love is immortality.
Emily Dickinson	Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon.
Emily Greene Balch	The future will be determined in part by happenings that it is impossible to foresee; it will also be influenced by trends that are now existent and observable.
Emily Greene Balch	Technology gives us the facilities that lessen the barriers of time and distance - the telegraph and cable, the telephone, radio, and the rest.
Emily Greene Balch	The First World War, and especially the latest one, largely swept away what was left in Europe of feudalism and of feudal landlords, especially in Poland, Hungary, and the South East generally.
Emily Greene Balch	A major one which no one can overlook is technological and based on inventions and discoveries which have altered the whole basis of production and deeply affected social relations.
Emily Greene Balch	These wars appear also to have given its death blow to colonialism and to imperialism in its colonial form, under which weaker peoples were treated as possessions to be economically exploited. At least we hope that such colonialism is on the way out.
Emily Greene Balch	Industrialization based on machinery, already referred to as a characteristic of our age, is but one aspect of the revolution that is being wrought by technology.
Emily Greene Balch	We have lived through the flood time of fascism and of the nazism which ran its meteoric course at a cost to mankind in suffering and waste beyond all computation.
Emily Greene Balch	We speculate as to what is in store for us. But we not only undergo events, we in part cause them or at least influence their course. We have not only to study them but to act.
Emily Greene Balch	Another cause of change, one less noticeable but fundamental, is the modern growth of population closely connected with scientific and medical discoveries. It is interesting that the United Nations has set up a special Commission to study this question.
Emily Greene Balch	It is natural to try to understand one's own time and to seek to analyse the forces that move it.
Emily Greene Balch	The desire for liberty has also made itself felt as struggle against domestic tyranny or arbitrary rule.
Emily Greene Balch	The role of Italy and of Austria has diminished as has that of France and Britain; Germany and Japan have suffered catastrophically.
Emily Greene Balch	Without a common loyalty to either a state or a church they have nevertheless a vast deal in common.
Emily Greene Balch	The question whether the long effort to put an end to war can succeed without another major convulsion challenges not only our minds but our sense of responsibility.
Emily Greene Balch	A second characteristic of our time is the prevalence of nationalism. This is still spreading, affecting new communities, more peripheral regions and so-called backward peoples.
Emily Greene Balch	As to judging our own time, and thereby gaining some basis for a judgment of future possibilities, we are doubtless not only too close to it to appraise it but too much formed by it and enclosed within it to do so.
Emily Greene Balch	In listing these tendencies making for a new world, we must not forget developments in the religious or spiritual thinking and feeling of mankind, where also we feel a strong unifying trend.
Emily Greene Balch	Those who are rooted in the depths that are eternal and unchangeable and who rely on unshakeable principles, face change full of courage, courage based on faith.
Emily Greene Balch	There is a great interest in comparative religion and a desire to understand faiths other than our own and even to experiment with exotic cults.
Emily Greene Balch	A dark and terrible side of this sense of community of interests is the fear of a horrible common destiny which in these days of atomic weapons darkens men's minds all around the globe.
Emily Greene Balch	A third ideal that has made its way in the modern world is reliance on reason, especially reason disciplined and enriched by modern science. An eternal basis of human intercommunication is reason.
Emily Greene Balch	Men who are scandalized at the lack of freedom in Russia do not ask themselves how real is liberty among the poor, the weak, and the ignorant in capitalist society.
Emily Greene Balch	Probably people always feel that they are living in a time of transition, but we can hardly be mistaken perhaps in thinking that this is an era of particularly momentous change, rapid and proceeding at an ever quickening rate.
Eminem	The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
Eminem	I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Eminem	Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.
Eminem	Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them.
Eminem	Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found.
Eminem	Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned. They're only powerful when you got your back turned.
Eminem	Say there's a white kid who lives in a nice home, goes to an all-white school, and is pretty much having everything handed to him on a platter - for him to pick up a rap tape is incredible to me, because what that's saying is that he's living a fantasy life of rebellion.
Eminem	If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don't back down.
Eminem	I am whatever you say I am; if I wasn't, then why would you say I am.
Eminem	To the people I forgot, you weren't on my mind for some reason and you probably don't deserve any thanks anyway.
Eminem	Yeah, I did see where the people dissing me were coming from. But, it's like, anything that happened in the past between black and white, I can't really speak on it, because I wasn't there. I don't feel like me being born the color I am makes me any less of a person.
Eminem	You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough.
Eminem	I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?
Eminem	A lot of truth is said in jest.
Eminem	My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Eminem	Nobody likes to fail. I want to succeed in everything I do, which isn't much. But the things that I'm really passionate about, if I fail at those, if I'm not successful, what do I have?
Eminem	I always wished for this, but it's almost turning into more of a nightmare than a dream.
Eminem	Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.
Eminem	I don't think that my tongue-in-cheekness will ever go away. I guess it's just a part of my personality. I always want to keep some type of element of fun to the music as well. If one song is darker or talking about a sad subject, I don't want to make a whole album of that, of being a downer. I don't want to make a whole album of being too uppity.
Eminem	I don't think I ever thought of myself as Superman. But there were people who thought of me that way, and maybe I believed them a little.
Eminem	Why is it so hard for people to believe that white people are poor?! I wouldn't say I lived in a ghetto; I'd say I lived in the 'hood. The same friends I had back then are the same people on tour with me now.
Eminem	It sometimes feels like a strange movie, you know, it's all so weird that sometimes I wonder if it is really happening.
Eminem	You're not going to say anything about me that I'm not going to say about myself. There's so many things that I think about myself; if someone really wanted to get at me, they could say this and this and this. So I'm going to say it before they can. It's the best policy for me.
Eminem	I am who I am and I say what I think. I'm not putting a face on for the record.
Eminem	I was a smart kid, but I hated school.
Emmanuel Jal	Sometimes words are not needed, and the simplicity of expressing yourself through an art form is one of the best ways of communication.
Emmanuel Jal	Only a coward will use a gun to protect and get respect for themselves.
Emmanuel Jal	I don't take modern hip-hop as real. It's entertaining, it's fake, like James Bond.
Emmanuel Jal	When people know you've been a soldier, they judge you: you are a thief, a lost boy.
Emmanuel Jal	I still have nightmares of dead comrades, a long time ago, talking to me. 'Emmanuel, don't forget about us, don't give up, keep telling our story.'
Emmanuel Jal	I'm still a soldier, fighting with my pen and paper for peace till the day I cease.
Emmanuel Jal	Rap music is amazing, it's beautiful. But the problem is the lyrics. The person who writes the lyrics - that's the problem.
Emmanuel Jal	We lack role models who can inspire our young people to make change.
Emmanuel Jal	Any child soldier has to go through a lot of love, care and understanding to become normal.
Emmanuel Jal	I lost my childhood. I didn't play football or video games. Or have birthdays or the love of a family.
Emmanuel Jal	When I was in south Sudan, people used to rap in my village. But the rapping was more in the mother tongue, Nuer.
Emmanuel Jal	I don't know anywhere where the people are hungrier for education than South Sudan.
Emmanuel Jal	I'm constantly seen as a 'foreigner,' and I need my passport to prove my identity, to keep moving and to carry on my work.
Emmanuel Jal	Knife crime and gun crime is poverty-driven, and poverty leads to insecurity.
Emmanuel Jal	There's no pride in having been a child soldier.
Emmanuel Jal	Violence in Darfur is cataclysmic.
Emmanuel Jal	When you don't educate the people, you're crippling them. You are, you're not giving them ways to survive.
Emmanuel Jal	As a child, I didn't know what they mean by 'to die.' So I grew up in a place where people used to die all the time, but a child is not allowed to see a dead body. When you ask, 'Where is so-and so?' you're told, 'He's gone to another world where we all go to live in the future.'
Emmanuel Jal	The only foreign policy advice I heard from China was when they said to Sudan, 'Don't go back to war.' That's all they said. They didn't push anything else.
Emmanuel Jal	War destroys people's souls. Most people focus on physical injuries, but the invisible injuries can take a lifetime to heal and affects the lives of generations to come.
Emmanuel Jal	A cold heart is my protection mechanism. I don't really feel anything for anyone.
Emmanuel Jal	Education is the only solution for peace.
Emmanuel Jal	I was shocked when I came to New Orleans. I never knew there were beggars on the streets here. I didn't know that there were poor people. I thought this was Heaven, you know?
Emmanuel Jal	I am proof that one person can rise above any challenge, and if I can, then so will others if they are given the chance.
Emmanuel Jal	I would advise dancers, musicians and others in the entertainment industry to take up yoga, as it clears the mind and creates a sense of balance and stillness which is important for any performing artist.
Enid Bagnold	In marriage there are no manners to keep up, and beneath the wildest accusations no real criticism. Each is familiar with that ancient child in the other who may erupt again. We are not ridiculous to ourselves. We are ageless. That is the luxury of the wedding ring.
Enid Bagnold	A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
Enid Bagnold	When a man goes through six years training to be a doctor he will never be the same. He knows too much.
Enid Bagnold	If a dog doesn't put you first where are you both? In what relation? A dog needs God. It lives by your glances, your wishes. It even shares your humor. This happens about the fifth year. If it doesn't happen you are only keeping an animal.
Enid Bagnold	As for death one gets used to it, even if it's only other people's death you get used to.
Enid Bagnold	Judges don't age; time decorates them.
Enid Bagnold	The pleasure of one's effect on other people still exists in age - what's called making a hit. But the hit is much rarer and made of different stuff.
Enid Bagnold	The theatre is a gross art, built in sweeps and over-emphasis. Compromise is its second name.
Enrico Fermi	Before I came here I was confused about this subject. Having listened to your lecture I am still confused. But on a higher level.
Enrico Fermi	There are two possible outcomes: if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a measurement. If the result is contrary to the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery.
Enrico Fermi	It is no good to try to stop knowledge from going forward. Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Enrico Fermi	Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Enrico Fermi	There's two possible outcomes: if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery. If the result is contrary to the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery.
Enrico Fermi	The fundamental point in fabricating a chain reacting machine is of course to see to it that each fission produces a certain number of neutrons and some of these neutrons will again produce fission.
Enrico Fermi	If I could remember the names of all these particles, I'd be a botanist.
Enrique Iglesias	I always respect a woman.
Enrique Iglesias	My best personality trait that I think I'm very approachable. And my worst is that I can be moody.
Enrique Iglesias	I don't sleep much. It takes me a long time to fall asleep. I'm a bit of an insomniac but, when I fall asleep, I don't ever want to wake up.
Enrique Iglesias	I don't care what people say. My music's, my music.
Enrique Iglesias	I'm a good person, but with many defects.
Enrique Iglesias	I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.
Enrique Iglesias	I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.
Enrique Iglesias	Love is one of my main inspirations.
Enrique Iglesias	My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.
Enrique Iglesias	We all feel love, and that might sound kind of corny, but I really feel that's what joins musicians together around the world.
Enrique Iglesias	I don't like being lied to, so I only lie about the stupid things. White lies, basically.
Enrique Iglesias	There are days that I wake up and I complain, and when I complain I pinch myself and say, 'that's for complaining.' Not many people can do what they really like in life.
Enrique Iglesias	I really want to fall in love.
Enrique Iglesias	Yes, I have made a woman cry.
Enrique Iglesias	Realistically, English is a universal language; it's the number one language for music and for communicating with the rest of the world.
Enrique Iglesias	And people coming up asking for autographs, there's only one time when it kind of bothers me: when I'm eating.
Enrique Iglesias	I prefer love over sex.
Enrique Iglesias	I'm so proud of who I am and where I come from and who my father is.
Enrique Iglesias	If you come from Spain, you have to play football.
Enrique Iglesias	The one thing I've learned in the last ten years is that successful artists don't get paid to write and sing songs, they get paid for the psychological roller coaster they're going to have to ride. That's the hard work.
Enrique Iglesias	Being anxious is the worst feeling in the world.
Enrique Iglesias	I mean, if you turn on the radio, love is 90 percent of the music.
Enrique Iglesias	I was happier before, when I lead a normal life.
Enrique Iglesias	I am really passionate about sports in general - especially water sports.
Enrique Iglesias	I go from English to Spanish, and I feel I have some cool songs.
Enzo Ferrari	Racing is a great mania to which one must sacrifice everything, without reticence, without hesitation.
Enzo Ferrari	If you can dream it, you can do it.
Enzo Ferrari	I have never gone on a real trip, never taken a holiday. The best holiday for me is spent in my workshops when nearly everybody else is on vacation.
Enzo Ferrari	Aerodynamics are for people who can't build engines.
Enzo Ferrari	I believe most things can be said in a few lines.
Enzo Ferrari	I build engines and attach wheels to them.
Enzo Ferrari	I have yet to meet anyone quite so stubborn as myself and animated by this overpowering passion that leaves me no time for thought or anything else. I have, in fact, no interest in life outside racing cars.
Enzo Ferrari	The fact is I don't drive just to get from A to B. I enjoy feeling the car's reactions, becoming part of it.
Enzo Ferrari	The era of gentleman racing drivers is ended.
Enzo Ferrari	The client is not always right.
Enzo Ferrari	It's true that I have never met any man whom I thought altogether resembled me - but only because my faults are so enormous.
Enzo Ferrari	But each time I seemed to be climbing into a roller coaster and finding myself coming through the downhill run with that sort of dazed feeling that we all know.
Enzo Ferrari	One must keep working continuously; otherwise, one thinks of death.
Enzo Ferrari	Racing amuses me.
Epictetus	The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Epictetus	There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Epictetus	Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish? Nothing else.
Epictetus	We should not moor a ship with one anchor, or our life with one hope.
Epictetus	First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus	Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Epictetus	It takes more than just a good looking body. You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it.
Epictetus	When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
Epictetus	It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
Epictetus	Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public.
Epictetus	It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
Epictetus	Be careful to leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant.
Epictetus	If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it be a lie, laugh at it.
Epictetus	All religions must be tolerated... for every man must get to heaven in his own way.
Epictetus	People are not disturbed by things, but by the view they take of them.
Epictetus	The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things.
Epictetus	Neither should a ship rely on one small anchor, nor should life rest on a single hope.
Epictetus	We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Epictetus	If thy brother wrongs thee, remember not so much his wrong-doing, but more than ever that he is thy brother.
Epictetus	He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
Epictetus	Only the educated are free.
Epictetus	If you wish to be a writer, write.
Epictetus	The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing.
Epictetus	The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests.
Epictetus	Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Epicurus	You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
Epicurus	Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Epicurus	Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.
Epicurus	Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little.
Epicurus	The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
Epicurus	The misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool.
Epicurus	It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
Epicurus	I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know.
Epicurus	Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance.
Epicurus	It is possible to provide security against other ills, but as far as death is concerned, we men live in a city without walls.
Epicurus	Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempest.
Epicurus	A free life cannot acquire many possessions, because this is not easy to do without servility to mobs or monarchs.
Epicurus	If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.
Epicurus	Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
Epicurus	If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires.
Epicurus	It is impossible to live a pleasant life without living wisely and well and justly. And it is impossible to live wisely and well and justly without living a pleasant life.
Epicurus	The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
Epicurus	Justice... is a kind of compact not to harm or be harmed.
Epicurus	The time when most of you should withdraw into yourself is when you are forced to be in a crowd.
Epicurus	It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself.
Epicurus	It is better for you to be free of fear lying upon a pallet, than to have a golden couch and a rich table and be full of trouble.
Epicurus	I would rather be first in a little Iberian village than second in Rome.
Epicurus	We do not so much need the help of our friends as the confidence of their help in need.
Epicurus	I never desired to please the rabble. What pleased them, I did not learn; and what I knew was far removed from their understanding.
Epicurus	Riches do not exhilarate us so much with their possession as they torment us with their loss.
Erasmus Darwin	And hail their queen, fair regent of the night.
Erasmus Darwin	A fool is a man who never tried an experiment in his life.
Eric Balfour	Every little opportunity and chance that I get to be on a set, to be a director, to utilize the skill sets that I already have and to learn what I don't know, and to see how I can improve upon that is just a really great opportunity for me.
Eric Balfour	I'm not a trained chef, so I end up making stuff up. It either turns out brilliant or an absolute disaster. I just go for it.
Eric Balfour	I'm such an L.A. boy, I love hanging out by the beach and throwing some steaks on the grill.
Eric Balfour	To whatever degree you have as a celebrity or notoriety, there are people who see you as an opinion leader.
Eric Balfour	As you get older and you hopefully battle your own demons, you find other reasons why you want to be an actor. The people that I truly admire do this because they love telling stories and they love the make-believe of the moment and not so much the gratification afterwards.
Eric Balfour	'Skyline' is an alien invasion film that really takes an interesting look at the genre. The writers did an amazing job of creating a new take at how life from other planets come and plan to invade Earth.
Eric Balfour	By nature, I'm very care-taking. There's something really beautiful about cooking for someone and feeding them.
Eric Balfour	My family is Native American, and I was raised with Native American ceremonies.
Eric Balfour	The stories that I like to tell and the movies I like are always grounded in the emotional arc of the characters.
Eric Balfour	As an actor, most of the time, you only have so much say in how, what and where things go. As a director, you really get to paint a bigger picture. You have many more brushes to use. Although you don't get that immediate gratification of being in front of an audience, the satisfaction is far more interesting and complete, in my experience thus far.
Eric Balfour	I think 'Game Of Thrones' has been genius, and I really don't want it to end. Every episode is huge. It's totally immense, and the actors are all fantastic in it. It has totally drawn me in.
Eric Balfour	The amazing thing about technology is that people have power. We are seeing it all the time in that innocuous people you would never know are having their voices heard because of this ability and technology we have.
Eric Bana	I look my best when I take my helmet off after a long motorcycle ride. I have a glow and a bit of helmet hair.
Eric Bana	I've always been attracted to cars, and driving is a completely measurable experience: if you qualify last on the grid, you're the slowest, and if you qualify first on the grid, you're the fastest. So no one can say you're slow if you're fast and no one can say you're fast if you're slow.
Eric Bana	I love being at home, being with friends and family. I'm of European stock, brought up in Australia. I'm a passionate guy. I just love life.
Eric Bana	I think I wasted a lot of my youth, falling for girls who were a couple of years older than me.
Eric Bana	Stand-up came out of three things. Frustration, necessity and arrogance. I didn't have a great career ahead of me in anything. Someone literally said to me, 'You should try stand-up,' and took me to a venue.
Eric Bana	I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldn't do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when you're done, don't make your hobby your job.
Eric Bana	My chosen exercise is cycling. I just love it.
Eric Bana	I think love can come fairly easily and grow - but really liking the core essence of someone is a much harder thing to bottle. If you have both, you're in pretty good shape.
Eric Bana	When I was a kid, I would do stupid things on my bike. I'd jump any ramp, I'd jump over people, I'd jump over things - always crashing, never hurting myself badly but always wanting to take physical risks.
Eric Bana	I wasn't going to be a college kid. The only subject I was interested in was English. I think I had a subconscious interest in analyzing story.
Eric Bana	I think luck gets you on to the stage. But it has nothing to do with keeping you there.
Eric Bana	I would never say never to returning to comedy.
Eric Bana	I guess subconsciously that all the great people you work with have an influence on you.
Eric Bana	I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play.
Eric Bana	Over my lifetime, the car had actually transcended the fact that it is a car. It has become a venue.
Eric Bana	I've always been a bit of a car freak.
Eric Bana	Technically speaking, you can build anything out of sand; it doesn't mean you do it.
Eric Bana	I've never been someone that's had a five-year plan, or a three-year plan. That just seems to lead to a lot of disappointment, and doesn't give you the chance to be flexible.
Eric Bana	Each time you go to the same track you know whether you're improving or whether you're not... it's not open to interpretation. It's measurable - unlike acting.
Eric Bana	By the time I finished comedy, I was really burnt out of it. I had had enough. I don't really have a strong desire to prove myself in that area, or to go back to it in any great way.
Eric Bana	I have a theory that I really want my kids to know - the only coloration that they make between dad being in films and reality is just a lot of people doing a lot of hard work.
Eric Bana	My background was producing and writing and performing in television when I started out, and I really missed that, that whole creative process that comes from sort of 'me' storytelling.
Eric Bana	When I go on the plane to fly home, I'm literally capable of forgetting what I do for a job. That also comes about because I choose to take massive breaks between projects, and because I choose to do this ridiculous thing of keeping home, home.
Eric Bana	I didn't study Greek mythology in school and I wish I had.
Eric Bana	I am attracted to characters who think they are in control, but their situation is uncontrollable.
Eric Cantona	I am searching for abstract ways of expressing reality, abstract forms that will enlighten my own mystery.
Eric Cantona	I see the world become so uniform. Everybody has to be the same. I like people who are different.
Eric Cantona	When the seagulls follow the trawler, it is because they think sardines will be thrown into the sea.
Eric Cantona	If someone is too perfect they won't look good. Imperfection is important.
Eric Cantona	My best moment? I have a lot of good moments but the one I prefer is when I kicked the hooligan.
Eric Cantona	Manchester United is stronger than anybody in the world.
Eric Cantona	Sometimes you surprise the goalkeeper and sometimes the goalkeeper surprises you. In my career, I tried to do more of the first than the second.
Eric Cantona	For me, I don't like it when there is too much interference in our lives. We're not children. It is our own life in our hands.
Eric Cantona	Children go where they find sincerity and authenticity.
Eric Cantona	I found leaving Manchester United very, very hard.
Eric Cantona	My ancestors were fighters, something I have inherited.
Eric Cantona	The pressure people put on themselves and the rivalry between the teams is much more marked. And I think that's a good thing. As long as that rivalry remains within the spirit of competition, it con only spur everyone on.
Eric Cantona	I manage a team, for beach soccer. I'm the coach. Player, coach.
Eric Cantona	He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror.
Eric Cantona	Sometimes you get submerged by emotion. I think it's very important to express it - which doesn't necessarily mean hitting someone.
Eric Cantona	I prefer to play and lose rather than win, because I know in advance I'm going to win.
Eric Cantona	We knew that you don't get to be world champions without a struggle.
Eric Cantona	Even as a footballer, I was always being creative.
Eric Cantona	It is enjoyable to make things visible which are invisible.
Eric Cantona	If you have only one passion in life - football - and you pursue it to the exclusion of everything else, it becomes very dangerous. When you stop doing this activity it is as though you are dying. The death of that activity is a death in itself.
Eric Cantona	I didn't study; I live.
Eric Cantona	When times are difficult, I tell myself, 'I'm just passing through.'
Eric Cantona	I always planned to retire when I was at the top and at Manchester United I have reached the pinnacle of my career.
Eric Cantona	I didn't want really to be involved in a normal soccer club.
Eric Cantona	Sometimes in life one experiences an emotion which is so strong that it is difficult to think, or to reason.
Eric Cantor	Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost.
Eric Cantor	Whether it's people walking off 'The View' when Bill O'Reilly makes a statement about radical Islam or Juan Williams being fired for expressing his opinion, over-reaching political correctness is chipping away at the fundamental American freedoms of speech and expression.
Eric Cantor	It is time for us to insist that we are accountable for the money that we are spending.
Eric Cantor	The Republicans have put together serious detailed counter-proposals when we have objected to this administration's agenda. And so, I want to tell the President and remind him again, we're not voting no for political expediency. We've got our principles, and we're going to stand up and defend those.
Eric Cantor	We believe that if you put in place the mechanisms that allow for personal choice as far as Medicare is concerned, as well as the programs in Medicaid, that we can actually get to a better result and do what most Americans are learning how to do, which is to do more with less.
Eric Cantor	In a perfect world we would bring corporate tax rates down to 25% or less so we can get competitive in the world economy. Ultimately, I would love to see a flat tax.
Eric Cantor	If the President says, oh, Washington's got to change, and people are doubting whether my change can really happen, I think instead what the public's begun to see is the change they're seeing is not the change they voted for.
Eric Cantor	We believe very strongly that you stop that denial of coverage by promoting choice. Let people make the decisions.
Eric Cantor	And basically, the sense of the 'Pledge to America' is this: Republicans understand when we were in charge, we got fired in '06. We spent too much money. We defied the trust that the people had put in us. And we know that there is a better way.
Eric Cantor	What the president announced yesterday, is that somehow magically, if we just continue to prime the pump of taxpayer dollars, we're going to see magically an economic recovery.
Eric Cantor	I am hopeful for the American people that we can actually improve the outlook for bringing down costs in health care.
Eric Cantor	I mean, the Obama position has been, 'We think government ought to be spending this money, not the people who earn it.'
Eric Cantor	We know that appropriators will fight these cutbacks. But by eliminating earmarks, we can stop the horse trading that grows agency budgets.
Eric Cantor	But, as we've seen over the last several months, the people in this country are very dissatisfied with the direction that this administration is taking this country. And what we heard last night was absolutely the ignoring of that fact. It was: We're going to continue with this agenda. In fact, we're going to double down on healthcare.
Eric Cantor	I mean, look, Nancy Pelosi said in the very beginning this is going to be the most open, honest and ethical Congress in history. And what we're seeing is she's breaking that promise every day.
Eric Cantor	People have to take responsibility for themselves. We need to get the housing industry going again. We don't need government intervening in every step.
Eric Cantor	The American people elected us here to cut spending so we can create an environment for jobs in America. The House has acted. We have demonstrated that we want to see spending, discretionary spending, brought down to levels of 2008. We've seen no counteraction. We have seen no position that has been expressed by the other side at all.
Eric Cantor	The issue for us is rebuilding a governing majority that is comfortable with differences that can transcend the divisiveness and unify behind the principles that we know our party has succeeded on.
Eric Cantor	We as Republicans understand that we have got to protect these... entitlement programs - these entitlement programs for our seniors today. And we have to sit down and have a discussion. We need more ideas on the table.
Eric Cantor	We will cut programs, we will try to rein in the size of the bureaucracy. We will bring federal pay scales that have become so exaggerated into line with market rates.
Eric Cantor	We've had Town Hall meetings, we've witnessed election after election, in which the American people have taken a position on the President's health care bill. And the bottom line is the people don't like this bill. They don't want it.
Eric Cantor	I am not for raising taxes in a recession, especially when it comes to job creators that we need so desperately to start creating jobs again.
Eric Cantor	Now the proposal is yet again another $150 billion before we start to think about a freeze. But $150 billion spent on more government programs; monies being created to direct and what kind of jobs that Washington thinks ought to be created. Come on. I mean there is a government that can help, and the government can also hurt.
Eric Cantor	We have a plan that creates universal access programs at the state level which allows folks to access insurance if they're denied by their insurer.
Eric Cantor	Again, the American people expect us to do what they are doing. It's tightening the belt, it's learning how to do more with less. That's a reality today, and we've got to do that in order to get the private sector growing.
Eric Dane	Sometimes I feel like I'm lacking a playfulness. I envy guys who are consistently able to maintain a playful, optimistic perspective on things.
Eric Dane	I do like to cook. But I only cook a few things, but those few things I do really well.
Eric Dane	Going to the gym and looking for a specific result is a short-lived existence, as opposed to going to the gym and adopting it as a lifestyle. Develop a routine, because it's much harder to break it if you have one. If you have no routine, you have nothing to break, so discipline goes out the window.
Eric Dane	Some of the greatest actors on the planet are the most insecure people. Now I don't know if that insecurity necessarily equates to a lack of confidence. Some people are just very shy individuals. You give them a character to play and a script, and you put them in front of a camera or on a stage, and they just go.
Eric Dane	With a pilot, there's a lot of information that gets packed into 46 minutes or whatever it is. Usually what happens is that, throughout the season, you get to spend a little more quality time with the characters and get to know them a bit better, whether it's based on circumstance or relationships they've created with other characters.
Eric Dane	My skin is very sensitive.
Eric Dane	I couldn't comprehend a 35-year-old woman gravitating toward a 70-year-old man.
Eric Dane	I'm out of bed before the alarm goes off.
Eric Dane	Never ask a woman when she's due unless you know for a fact she's expecting.
Eric Dane	On 'Grey's Anatomy,' I didn't have to move too much. I think I ran through the hospital three times.
Eric Dane	The action genre is not always the most synonymous with character development.
Eric Dane	I don't know if there's any change more significant that a human being can make than that of a woman becoming a mother. There's no change more dramatic.
Eric Dane	I go eat a sandwich for lunch and have a milk shake and miss going to the gym for 10 days, and somebody snaps a picture of me on the beach, and all of a sudden, I've lost it. Why do I need to be perfect all the time?
Eric Dane	I make really good chicken soup, sort of from scratch. I don't make my own stock. I just use a base like a chicken stock, but everything else, all the ingredients, I do on my own.
Eric Dane	I'm a goal setter, but in broad strokes. I don't have a by-October-2009-I-want-to-be-here plan. All I do is work with an element of challenge and an element of enjoyment. With that, anything can happen.
Eric Dane	Television is a lot of fun. It's faster-paced. The schedule is really desirable, I guess. But as far as films go, and I've only done a couple; film is like a definitive beginning, middle and end. You know your character's arch.
Eric Darnell	I studied science and journalism at the University of Colorado and then got interested in experimental film there and started doing my own films.
Eric Darnell	I loved to watch cartoons and even made little stop-motion films in the backyard. At the time, I never really thought that it was something you could do for a living; it never actually hit me that people do that sort of thing or I would be capable of it.
Eric Darnell	We're lucky enough, especially in these 'Madagascar' films, to be working with some of the best people in the industry, who are not only great actors, but great comedians and improvisers and filmmakers. And they then become a part of creating their characters.
Eric Fellner	You can't develop a great car and sell it as an independent. You can develop a great car and make a deal with Mercedes.
Eric Fellner	'Billy Elliot' embodies the idea that anyone can achieve anything regardless of their socio-economic background.
Eric Fellner	Technical problems are like gremlins. They come and go.
Eric Fellner	There's so much competition for leisure time, more than ever.
Eric Fellner	Apart from 'Stoned,' I can't think of a film that's made me think, 'Blimey, that should have been at Cannes.'
Eric Fellner	Do we have good writers, producers and actors in the U.K.? Yes we do.
Eric Fellner	Film is not a national business. It's international. And its centre will always be Hollywood.
Eric Fellner	For us in England, the relative value of the pound against the dollar, that has a huge impact on how easy it is to get our films made in the U.K.
Eric Fellner	I have always thought we should think less about the British film industry as an entity, and more about getting British talent working.
Eric Fellner	I think Cannes is usually pretty fair in choosing what will play well to the home festival crowd.
Eric Fellner	I'm a blind optimist when going into things.
Eric Fellner	It's fantastic to see 'Les Miserables' become the top-grossing film at the U.K. box office.
Eric Fellner	Making movies is like herding cats.
Eric Fellner	'No Country for Old Men' was epic.
Eric Fellner	Somebody has to invest in creating the movies of the future.
Eric Fellner	The idea that the Tony committee and the New York theater community as a whole have embraced 'Billy Elliot' is very, very exciting.
Eric Fellner	The more you keep costs down, the more freedom you have creatively.
Eric Fellner	The U.K. needs more first class studio space to encourage the growth of the film and TV sector.
Eric Fellner	The writer Richard Curtis is a genius.
Eric Fellner	With 'Anna Karenina,' I just think it's a stunning visual tour de force for a director who is at the top of his game.
Eric Fellner	You can get swept away by a musical, but real tears are rare.
Eric Fellner	You never get time at Working Title, sadly, to enjoy any film's success, because you're worrying about the next lot.
Eric Fellner	'Billy Elliot' prides itself on being a family show, and it made sense to specifically cater to a family audience with an earlier evening curtain time.
Eric Fellner	I think it would be a good thing in the creative community if there was less embarrassment of this word 'commercial' because that's how you make a business.
Eric Fellner	If there's a British film in the marketplace that is successful on a worldwide basis - whether it's 'A Room with a View,' 'Four Weddings' or 'The Full Monty' - money follows, and everyone tries to emulate that success.
Eric Idle	I have been very blessed in my life and rewarded with good friends and good health. I am grateful and happy to be able to share this.
Eric Idle	At least in America, you have freedom of speech, which is a good thing. It's just a question of whether you're allowed to use it on 'Fox News'.
Eric Idle	Probably spending 12 years at boarding school - comedy became a survival gene. But I think some people are funny right off the bat, as soon as they can speak or be naughty.
Eric Idle	Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will make me go in a corner and cry by myself for hours.
Eric Idle	John Cleese once told me he'd do anything for money. So I offered him a pound to shut up, and he took it.
Eric Idle	You look just like you!
Eric Idle	The dreadful thing about getting older is you cry at the drop of a hat.
Eric Idle	Life took over 4 billion years to evolve into you, and you've about 70 more years to enjoy it. Don't just pursue happiness, catch it.
Eric Idle	I do pool exercises, like weightlifting but underwater. I walk, I swim... I'm pretty fit for an old bloke.
Eric Idle	It just seems to me that there's no particular reason comedy albums should be dead. There's a lot to laugh at. We have very funny people, still.
Eric Idle	Life is a comedy when watching and a tragedy when experiencing. I try and share anything I have.
Eric Idle	You initially become funny as a kid because you're looking for attention and love. Psychologists think that's all to do with mother abandonment. I think John Cleese has his depressions, and Terry Gilliam's the same. All of us together make one completely insane person.
Eric Idle	My education was paid for by the RAF Benevolent Fund, so a charity school, run like an orphanage, with uniforms and beatings. It was tough, but it got me to Cambridge - like being a chrysalis suddenly becoming a butterfly.
Eric Idle	Nobody gets irony anymore, as we are now living in the post-ironic age. Once George Bush gets a library, our irony is dead.
Eric Idle	No day of my life passes without someone saying the words 'Monty Python' to me. It's not bad.
Eric Idle	I love my family, my wife, my kids, my dogs, my home, my life. I am a very happy and contented man.
Eric Idle	I think the special thing about Python is that it's a writers' commune. The writers are in charge. The writers decide what the material is.
Eric Idle	If the studios paid the artists, how would they ever be able to afford the executives?
Eric Idle	A website can be very time-intensive, but I'd love to have one where people can contribute to it - like invent islands and make their own flags, and their own laws. I think that'd be kind of fun.
Eric Idle	I like the idea of being out there regularly with an audience and with a funny gang of people. That's what I grew up with - doing television, doing shows every week.
Eric Idle	I love being an older comic now. It's like being an old soccer or an old baseball player. You're in the Hall of Fame and it's nice, but you're no longer that person in the limelight on the spot doing that thing.
Eric Idle	I like being a foreigner. For me, to live in California is very pleasant - I'm more comfortable not feeling a part of everything, not feeling responsible for the government or the roads or the health system.
Eric Idle	Talent is always more interesting - ambition is not interesting. If you have talent, you have to find ways of expressing it, but you may not be a success in the world's terms.
Eric Idle	Americans like to think 'Python' is how English people really are. There is an element of truth to that.
Eric Idle	I listen to the audience and try and bounce with them. All audiences are different. But they are all homo sapiens.
Erich Fromm	Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'
Erich Fromm	Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Erich Fromm	Greed is a bottomless pit which exhausts the person in an endless effort to satisfy the need without ever reaching satisfaction.
Erich Fromm	Selfish persons are incapable of loving others, but they are not capable of loving themselves either.
Erich Fromm	Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
Erich Fromm	Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Erich Fromm	The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future is that man may become robots.
Erich Fromm	If a person loves only one other person and is indifferent to all others, his love is not love but a symbiotic attachment, or an enlarged egotism.
Erich Fromm	We all dream; we do not understand our dreams, yet we act as if nothing strange goes on in our sleep minds, strange at least by comparison with the logical, purposeful doings of our minds when we are awake.
Erich Fromm	Man is the only animal for whom his own existence is a problem which he has to solve.
Erich Fromm	Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
Erich Fromm	The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Erich Fromm	In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
Erich Fromm	The task we must set for ourselves is not to feel secure, but to be able to tolerate insecurity.
Erich Fromm	There is only one meaning of life: the act of living itself.
Erich Fromm	Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
Erich Fromm	To die is poignantly bitter, but the idea of having to die without having lived is unbearable.
Erich Fromm	If I am what I have and if I lose what I have who then am I?
Erich Fromm	The quest for certainty blocks the search for meaning. Uncertainty is the very condition to impel man to unfold his powers.
Erich Fromm	As we ascend the social ladder, viciousness wears a thicker mask.
Erich Fromm	Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age?
Erich Fromm	The successful revolutionary is a statesman, the unsuccessful one a criminal.
Erich Fromm	We live in a world of things, and our only connection with them is that we know how to manipulate or to consume them.
Erich Fromm	Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much.
Erich Fromm	Love is union with somebody, or something, outside oneself, under the condition of retaining the separateness and integrity of one's own self.
Erika Eleniak	He is in a gunfight right now. I'm gonna have to take a message.
Erin Cahill	I really learned how to act on camera through 'Power Rangers' because I hadn't done a lot of film and TV.
Erin Cahill	I literally have people go, 'Oh my God, you're the Pink Power Ranger' and I'm like, 'I do other things!' But, you know, it's so cool! I saved the world for a year.
Erin Daniels	I don't pick roles based on how famous they are going to make me; I pick roles based on how they're going to inspire me intellectually.
Erin Daniels	I love a good steak with a great glass of red wine. But for the TV watching, laying around doing nothing kinds of days, nothing beats a pepperoni pizza and chocolate Haagen Daas.
Erle Stanley Gardner	After you've written a story, the thing to do is sell it. Sounds simple, and it is, if one will follow certain basic principles of salesmanship.
Erle Stanley Gardner	The real trouble with the writing game is that no general rule can be worked out for uniform guidance, and this applies to sales as well as to writing.
Erma Bombeck	When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'.
Erma Bombeck	It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
Erma Bombeck	There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt.
Erma Bombeck	For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward.
Erma Bombeck	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Erma Bombeck	Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Erma Bombeck	Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
Erma Bombeck	Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.
Erma Bombeck	I haven't trusted polls since I read that 62% of women had affairs during their lunch hour. I've never met a woman in my life who would give up lunch for sex.
Erma Bombeck	Do you know what you call those who use towels and never wash them, eat meals and never do the dishes, sit in rooms they never clean, and are entertained till they drop? If you have just answered, 'A house guest,' you're wrong because I have just described my kids.
Erma Bombeck	When humor goes, there goes civilization.
Erma Bombeck	Guilt: the gift that keeps on giving.
Erma Bombeck	Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Erma Bombeck	My theory on housework is, if the item doesn't multiply, smell, catch fire, or block the refrigerator door, let it be. No one else cares. Why should you?
Erma Bombeck	Never go to your high school reunion pregnant or they will think that is all you have done since you graduated.
Erma Bombeck	When a child is locked in the bathroom with water running and he says he's doing nothing but the dog is barking, call 911.
Erma Bombeck	It is not until you become a mother that your judgment slowly turns to compassion and understanding.
Erma Bombeck	I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage.
Erma Bombeck	When your mother asks, 'Do you want a piece of advice?' it is a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
Erma Bombeck	One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is.
Erma Bombeck	I take a very practical view of raising children. I put a sign in each of their rooms: 'Checkout Time is 18 years.'
Erma Bombeck	All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
Erma Bombeck	There is nothing more miserable in the world than to arrive in paradise and look like your passport photo.
Erma Bombeck	Children make your life important.
Erma Bombeck	On vacations: We hit the sunny beaches where we occupy ourselves keeping the sun off our skin, the saltwater off our bodies, and the sand out of our belongings.
Ernest Gaines	Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
Ernest Gaines	The mark of fear is not easily removed.
Ernest Gaines	Question everything. Every stripe, every star, every word spoken. Everything.
Ernest Gaines	There will always be men struggling to change, and there will always be those who are controlled by the past.
Ernest Gaines	Sometimes you got to hurt something to help something. Sometimes you have to plow under one thing in order for something else to grow.
Ernest Gaines	Words mean nothing. Action is the only thing. Doing. That's the only thing.
Ernest Gaines	I believe that the writer should tell a story. I believe in plot. I believe in creating characters and suspense.
Ernest Gaines	I write to try to find out who I am. One of my main themes is manliness. I think I'm trying to figure out what manliness really is.
Ernest Gaines	Today I must write a paragraph or a page better than I did yesterday.
Ernest Gaines	In the beginning, I tried to be a more cosmopolitan writer, but I realized that I was a country boy, and I had to deal with things I knew about and where I came from.
Ernest Gaines	When I'm sitting in the church alone, I can hear singing of the old people. I can hear their singing and I can hear their praying, and sometimes I hum one of their songs.
Ernest Gaines	I was raised by a lady that was crippled all her life but she did everything for me and she raised me. She washed our clothes, cooked our food, she did everything for us. I don't think I ever heard her complain a day in her life. She taught me responsibility towards my brother and sisters and the community.
Ernest Gaines	A myth is an old lie that people believe in. White people believe that they're better than anyone else on earth - and that's a myth.
Ernest Gaines	All writers write about the past, and I try to make it come alive so you can see what happened.
Ernest Gaines	I had to see and feel and be with the thing that I wanted to write about.
Ernest Gaines	I knew I wanted to be a writer and I knew if I had a wife and family, I would neglect something, and I was afraid it wouldn't be the writing.
Ernest Gaines	I think I'm a very religious person. I think I believe in God as much as any man does. I don't only believe in God, I know there's God.
Ernest Gaines	I wanted to be a writer. I wanted to say something about home.
Ernest Gaines	The sharecropper may lower his eyes, but not because he's less of a man. That's just a condition of society that such things exist.
Ernest Gaines	Grace under pressure isn't just about bullfighters and men at war. It's about getting up every day to face a job or a white boss you don't like but have to face to feed your children so they'll grow up to be a better generation.
Ernest Gaines	What I miss today more than anything else - I don't go to church as much anymore - but that old-time religion, that old singing, that old praying which I love so much. That is the great strength of my being, of my writing.
Ernest Gaines	I suppose I started writing seriously at 16 years old. I thought I wrote a novel at 16 and sent it to New York! They sent it back because it wasn't novel.
Ernest Gaines	I try to write something that would interest anybody and keep them turning the page. You must have a plot and good storyline.
Ernest Gaines	I write with as much objectivity as I can.
Ernest Hemingway	The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Ernest Hemingway	The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Ernest Hemingway	Courage is grace under pressure.
Ernest Hemingway	An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
Ernest Hemingway	Never mistake motion for action.
Ernest Hemingway	Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Ernest Hemingway	There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Ernest Hemingway	Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Ernest Hemingway	I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Ernest Hemingway	Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
Ernest Hemingway	Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Ernest Hemingway	All things truly wicked start from innocence.
Ernest Hemingway	There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
Ernest Hemingway	I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
Ernest Hemingway	There is no friend as loyal as a book.
Ernest Hemingway	The only thing that could spoil a day was people. People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself.
Ernest Hemingway	We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.
Ernest Hemingway	If a writer knows enough about what he is writing about, he may omit things that he knows. The dignity of movement of an iceberg is due to only one ninth of it being above water.
Ernest Hemingway	Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Ernest Hemingway	They wrote in the old days that it is sweet and fitting to die for one's country. But in modern war, there is nothing sweet nor fitting in your dying. You will die like a dog for no good reason.
Ernest Hemingway	But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Ernest Hemingway	About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after.
Ernest Hemingway	There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
Ernest Hemingway	If you are lucky enough to have lived in Paris as a young man, then wherever you go for the rest of your life it stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast.
Ernest Hemingway	The first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war. Both bring a temporary prosperity; both bring a permanent ruin. But both are the refuge of political and economic opportunists.
Ernest Istook	There are many alternatives to embryonic stem cell research, alternatives with great potential. We need to support these and oppose creating life for the sole purpose of destroying it.
Ernest Istook	There are a lot of Grinches out there that would like nothing better than to take any references to religion out of the holiday season.
Ernest Istook	Our economic freedom is founded on individual property rights; government should never be permitted to take those away.
Ernest Istook	To become an American citizen, we require people to read, write and speak in English. That is to help them to assimilate in our melting pot, truly to become Americans. We mock that when the cherished right to vote does not involve English any more.
Ernest Istook	Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they - not someone else - must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated.
Ernest Istook	America's strength is not our diversity; our strength is our ability to unite people of different backgrounds around common principles. A common language is necessary to reach that goal.
Ernest Istook	The motives of these parents vary, many parents don't like the curriculum being taught to their kids, or are wary of the threat of peer pressure or the presence of drugs or violence lurking in too many of our schools today.
Ernest Istook	America has global trade with plenty of nations that provide inexpensive labor, but it's better for us when they're in our own hemisphere, rather than sending that business halfway around the world.
Ernest Istook	I remind everyone: Whether you school them at home or send them to school, you as a parent have the responsibility to make sure they learn and behave. Teachers and principals may help, but parents are the ones who must accept responsibility.
Ernest Istook	Thousands of present day students, like many of our Founding Fathers, are being taught at home.
Ernest Istook	The American people do not want people thumbing their nose at the law. It undercuts the very fabric of our society and the system of civil justice and of criminal justice as well.
Ernest Istook	Home schooled children frequently combine for many purposes - and they interact well. The growth of the home schooling movement means that more and more children are learning together, just not in a traditional classroom.
Ernest Istook	My father was the son of immigrants, and he grew up bilingual, but English is what my father taught me and what he spoke to me. America's strength is not our diversity; it is our ability to unite around common principles even when we come from different backgrounds.
Ernest Istook	Out of control judicial activism threatens traditional marriage in America.
Ernest Istook	The birth of democracy in Iraq is one of the great positive changes of our era.
Ernest Istook	The courts are using the First Amendment to attack religion, when they should be using it to protect religion.
Ernest Istook	Those people who want to express their religious beliefs on public property should enjoy the same rights that we provide to those protesting the war in Iraq.
Ernest Istook	There's a lot of exaggerated talk about CAFTA, but it's actually a fairly routine trade agreement. Although it involves fairly small nations, they're still more important trade partners than places like Australia or many other larger nations.
Ernest Istook	Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.
Ernest Istook	It's good that the first half of the speech emphasized freedom, because George W. Bush has been the global champion for freedom. As he said, if we don't fight tyranny it will not leave us alone in peace.
Ernest Istook	English should be our official language. Reading and speaking English are requirements to become a citizen.
Ernest Istook	We need uniform protection of traditional marriage. You can't have different definitions on something as fundamental as marriage. The Marriage Protection Amendment is the only solution to this problem.
Ernest Istook	Americans should be free to recognize our religious heritage; doing that is not the same as creating a government-sponsored religion.
Ernest Istook	Printing ballots in multiple languages costs millions of dollars every year. It also discourages immigrants from integrating into American society and gaining the benefits that come from speaking English.
Ernest Istook	I think it's awful that the state of Oklahoma a couple of years ago passed this law to give the same tuition to illegals as they do to people who are residents of Oklahoma. I think it's wrong.
Ernie Isley	My first gig was in Philadelphia and I played the drums for my older brothers. That same night, I also played drums for Martha and the Vandellas. Ah, the fond memories of being 14.
Ernie Isley	You get to the point in life where you realize you have to roll up your sleeves, deal with the consequences of what happens, and carry your own weight.
Ernie Isley	The muse of music isn't just from Greek mythology, but living in people like the Beatles, Chuck Berry, Anita Baker, Aretha Franklin.
Ernie Isley	Playing guitar is not a beauty contest.
Ernie Isley	Don't believe everything you hear on the street.
Ernie Isley	I got my first guitar in October of 1968. I'm self-taught.
Ernie Isley	There was a lot of music in our home. Mom played piano in church and gave piano lessons.
Ernie Isley	It's no surprise to me or the other Isley brothers that I can sing, because I used to sing all the time in practice. The surprise is that somebody else likes it.
Ernst Haas	There is only you and your camera. The limitations in your photography are in yourself, for what we see is what we are.
Ernst Haas	Without touching my subject I want to come to the moment when, through pure concentration of seeing, the composed picture becomes more made than taken. Without a descriptive caption to justify its existence, it will speak for itself - less descriptive, more creative; less informative, more suggestive - less prose, more poetry.
Ernst Haas	A picture is the expression of an impression. If the beautiful were not in us, how would we ever recognize it?
Ernst Haas	I am not interested in shooting new things - I am interested to see things new.
Ernst Haas	With photography a new language has been created. Now for the first time it is possible to express reality by reality. We can look at an impression as long as we wish, we can delve into it and, so to speak, renew past experiences at will.
Ernst Haas	Bored with obvious reality, I find my fascination in transforming it into a subjective point of view.
Ernst Haas	All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot.
Ernst Haeckel	Both of these branches of evolutionary science, are, in my opinion, in the closest causal connection; this arises from the reciprocal action of the laws of heredity and adaptation.
Ernst Haeckel	Politics is applied biology.
Ernst Haeckel	The real cause of personal existence is not the favor of the Almighty, but the sexual love of one's earthly parents.
Erykah Badu	I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform.
Erykah Badu	I don't feel like I need to preach to the world or nothing like that. I just feel like I share what I say, and if listeners get it, they get it. And I never underestimate the audience's ability to feel me.
Erykah Badu	Hip-hop was created out of necessity. We needed to create some digitized things to help us understand what we were feeling.
Erykah Badu	I grew up with all mothers, all women. I come from a long line of matriarchs, very strong women.
Erykah Badu	I'm a complete human being. I'm very emotional and loving. I feel, I hurt, I give, I take, and also I think. I analyze. I'm a sociologist, anthropologist.
Erykah Badu	I'm a woman who has gone through many heartaches, enough to dedicate my whole life to trying to figure them out.
Erykah Badu	I planned my success. I knew it was going to happen.
Erykah Badu	I have advice for people - period - who are in unhealthy relationships: Follow your heart. It will get you to where you need to be. Sometimes it's hard, sometimes it's easy, the places that your heart takes you. But continue to follow it. Where the train leads you - you'll get there.
Erykah Badu	And I figured out that the reason I couldn't get through the day as well as I can now is because I had too many things on my mind, on my plate, you know, for one person to have. So I started to eliminate some of the things that were too heavy to carry and unnecessary.
Erykah Badu	The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.
Erykah Badu	I am not systematic at all when it comes to religion. I just love life. And I'm not judgmental. And I'm a vegetarian.
Erykah Badu	I have a master plan as an artist. I've always said I'm not going to be punching nobody's clock. I will work as an artist to survive in this world.
Erykah Badu	What I work hard at doing is staying on a path of being kind and showing and proving that I'm a good person to society. That's hard. The talent, that's a gift. I just came here like that.
Erykah Badu	Artists need some kind of stimulating experience a lot of times, which crystallizes when you sing about it or paint it or sculpt it. You literally mold the experience the way you want. It's therapy.
Erykah Badu	When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work.
Erykah Badu	Well, if you look at all of the cultures in America, this is a great opportunity for us to really get acquainted with the rest of the world. America is the only place you can do that, but we don't have sense enough to take advantage of that.
Erykah Badu	I consider my musical ability to be a gift from the Creator. It's not that I try to work hard or nothing like that, it's a gift, it was given to me, and I appreciate it.
Erykah Badu	I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Erykah Badu	Music and the music business are two different things.
Erykah Badu	Anything that had to do with art I been doing all my life. It was a gift. It's nothing I work real hard at doing.
Erykah Badu	It's almost like a lot of black people in America, a lot of young black men, are born with this cloud over their heads. It's their penitentiary cloud, this philosophy we all have, that it's harder for us.
Erykah Badu	Honey isn't really that good for you.
Erykah Badu	Personally, I don't choose any particular religion or symbol or group of words or teachings to define me. That's between me and the most high. You know, my higher self. The Creator.
Erykah Badu	I try to be honest and I keep moving.
Erykah Badu	Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Etta James	When I look out at the people and they look at me and they're smiling, then I know that I'm loved. That is the time when I have no worries, no problems.
Etta James	You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.
Etta James	I wanna show that gospel, country, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, rock 'n' roll are all just really one thing. Those are the American music and that is the American culture.
Etta James	And as I started reaching deeper I realized that most of the blues of that day was done by men. Women just didn't have the nerve.
Etta James	What happens is, when I perform, I'm somewhere else. I go back in time and get in touch with who I really am. I forget my troubles, my worries.
Etta James	When I'm performing for the people, I am me, then. I am that little girl who, when she was five years old, used to sing at church. Or I'm that 15-year-old young lady who wanted to be grown and wanted to sing and couldn't wait to be smokin' a cigarette, you know?
Etta James	Most of the songs I sing, they have that blue feeling to it. They have that sorry feeling. And I don't know what I'm sorry about.
Etta James	My mother always wanted me to be glamorous. When I thought about that, it really fired me up, and once I lost all those pounds, I started to feel really good about myself.
Etta James	When I sing for myself, I probably sing for anyone who has any kind of hurt, any kind of bad feelings, good feelings, ups and downs, highs and lows, that kind of thing.
Etta James	My mother always told me, even if a song has been done a thousand times, you can still bring something of your own to it. I'd like to think I did that.
Etta James	They said that Etta James is still vulgar. I said, Oh, how dare them say I'm still vulgar. I'm vulgar because I dance in the chair. What would they want me to do? Want me to just be still or something like that? I've got to do something.
Etta James	Jazz took too much discipline. You have to come in at the right place, which is different than me singing the blues, where I can sing, 'Oh, baby,' if there's a pause in the melody. With jazz, you better leave that space open, or put in something real cool.
Etta James	Bobby Womack is always very real, both with his music and as a person.
Etta James	It feels so good to be happy.
Etta James	Long as I was riding in a big Cadillac and dressed nice and had plenty of food, that's all I cared about.
Etta James	The only time that I am really truly happy - when I feel at my best - is when I'm on the stage.
Etta James	My mother was a jazz fanatic and she wanted me to play the piano so I could play jazz tunes. I wish I had learned but I was too busy getting into trouble!
Etta James	Most of the songs I sing have that blues feeling in it. They have that sorry feeling. And I don't know what I'm sorry about. I don't.
Etta James	I'm not a bourgeois person, never will be.
Etta James	All the things I used to like - cookies, ice cream, gumbo - I don't like anymore.
Etta James	But even so, I still get nervous before I go onstage.
Etta James	I like to shop, but I don't like to go out to dances.
Etta James	Once you lose the weight, you're really anxious to eat healthy.
Etta James	See, I don't like places where people can't dance - don't like clubs or theatres where a bunch of bourgeois people sit around tip, tip, tipping their fingers.
Etta James	Country music has the great stories.
Eugene Fama	After costs, only the top 3% of managers produce a return that indicates they have sufficient skill to just cover their costs, which means that going forward, and despite extraordinary past returns, even the top performers are expected to be only as good as a low-cost passive index fund. The other 97% can be expected to do worse.
Eugene Fama	I'm an extreme libertarian, but I realize we're in a democracy, and in a democracy, people can have views of all stripes, and there's no reason to argue about it.
Eugene Fama	In an efficient market, at any point in time, the actual price of a security will be a good estimate of its intrinsic value.
Eugene Fama	Economies typically do not function well in hyperinflation. The real value of government debt might disappear, but the economy is likely to disappear with it.
Eugene Fama	An investor doesn't have a prayer of picking a manager that can deliver true alpha.
Eugene Fama	Debates go on to this day about what caused the Great Depression. Economics is not very good at explaining swings in economic activity.
Eugene Fama	I don't believe anyone wants to hear what I have to say.
Eugene Fama	I don't know what a credit bubble means. I don't even know what a bubble means. These words have become popular. I don't think they have any meaning.
Eugene Fama	State constitutions typically provide that the state first has to service its debt, then make it pension payments, and then pay for services. What we don't know is whether that order will be enforced. And ultimately, the busted state is going to be looking to the federal government for a bailout. Think Greece, but on a much bigger scale.
Eugene Fama	People are always saying that prices are too high. When they turn out to be right, we anoint them. When they turn out to be wrong, we ignore them. They are typically right and wrong about half the time.
Eugene Fama	People don't walk away from their homes unless they can't make the payments. That's an indication that we are in a recession.
Eugene Ionesco	It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question.
Eugene Ionesco	No society has been able to abolish human sadness, no political system can deliver us from the pain of living, from our fear of death, our thirst for the absolute. It is the human condition that directs the social condition, not vice versa.
Eugene Ionesco	A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
Eugene Ionesco	Explanation separates us from astonishment, which is the only gateway to the incomprehensible.
Eugene Ionesco	There is no religion in which everyday life is not considered a prison; there is no philosophy or ideology that does not think that we live in alienation.
Eugene Ionesco	Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.
Eugene Ionesco	You can only predict things after they have happened.
Eugene Ionesco	Like all revolutions, the surrealist revolution was a reversion, a restitution, an expression of vital and indispensable spiritual needs.
Eugene Ionesco	We have not the time to take our time.
Eugene Ionesco	Living is abnormal.
Eugene Ionesco	Everything that has been will be, everything that will be is, everything that will be has been.
Eugene Ionesco	A nose that can see is worth two that sniff.
Eugene Ionesco	I've always been suspicious of collective truths.
Eugene Ionesco	A man with a soul is not like every other man.
Eugene Ionesco	The critic should describe, and not prescribe.
Eugene Ionesco	Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
Eugene Ionesco	Shakespeare was the great one before us. His place was between God and despair.
Eugene Ionesco	A civil servant doesn't make jokes.
Euripides	Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Euripides	One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
Euripides	To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter.
Euripides	Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head.
Euripides	The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Euripides	Much effort, much prosperity.
Euripides	Question everything. Learn something. Answer nothing.
Euripides	Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Euripides	No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow.
Euripides	Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
Euripides	The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
Euripides	There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
Euripides	Silence is true wisdom's best reply.
Euripides	He is not a lover who does not love forever.
Euripides	Wealth stays with us a little moment if at all: only our characters are steadfast, not our gold.
Euripides	Cleverness is not wisdom.
Euripides	Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand.
Euripides	Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Euripides	Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
Euripides	Leave no stone unturned.
Euripides	No one is truly free, they are a slave to wealth, fortune, the law, or other people restraining them from acting according to their will.
Euripides	Silver and gold are not the only coin; virtue too passes current all over the world.
Euripides	There is just one life for each of us: our own.
Euripides	The bold are helpless without cleverness.
Euripides	Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Eva Gabor	Love is a game that two can play and both win.
Eva Gabor	If a man is truly in love, the most beautiful woman in the world couldn't take him away. Maybe for a few days, but not forever.
Eva Gabor	The average housewife goes to the restaurant to relax and enjoy the food. But when Eva walks in, she becomes the center of attention.
Eva Gabor	I've always known I would be a success, but I was surprised at the way it came.
Eva Gabor	I should have been smart enough to stay happy. But my ambition ruled my life.
Eva Gabor	The only thing you have to know are your words.
Eva Gabor	I learned early that you only have so much energy to give. You have to spend it correctly.
Eva Gabor	Marriage is too interesting an experiment to be tried only once.
Eva Gabor	I love the fast lane.
Eva Gabor	My co-workers expect me to be late and temperamental.
Eva Gabor	Most people don't need to work as hard as I do.
Eva Gabor	It's sheer torture. I have to be up with the chickens every day and go to work on my body. I hate it, but I do it.
Eva Gabor	I'm a workaholic. Before long I'm traveling on my nervous energy alone. This is incredibly exhausting.
Eva Gabor	I made up my mind to be an actress when I was 4 years old.
Eva Gabor	There was no way I could live in Hollywood and not become an actress.
Eva Gabor	After all the work I've done, why should I suddenly be treated as a bona fide actress?
Eva Gabor	I was the first actress in the family, and I am still the only actress in the family. I shouldn't be saying it, but it slipped out!
Eva Gabor	I'm acting when I serve as a hostess, when I run my wig business. I was born to act, and life itself is the greatest part.
Eva Gabor	East Hampton happens to have been the first place in the world where I was a star, a real star with a star pasted above my name on the dressing-room door.
Eva Gabrielsson	I'm not violent, I don't believe in killing people, but standing up for yourself, speaking out against injustice, is another form of vengeance.
Eva Gabrielsson	Marriage is not common in Sweden.
Eva Gabrielsson	Maybe people become bitter when they don't know what they are fighting for. But I keep my eyes open.
Evan Dando	I used to have a sort of spiky haircut and it just feels better to have short hair again.
Evan Dando	I don't like alcohol, but I still like to mess around with other stuff occasionally. I think it's important I take mushrooms and acid. They're certainly not addictive, so I can't rule that out.
Evan Dando	When there are no women on the tour it can get awful and ugly - constant horrible jokes and gross behaviour. It needs to be leavened with a feminine presence.
Evan Dando	But Sneaky Pete was great. I didn't bug him about Gram. Not too much, anyway.
Evan Dando	I'd forgotten what it was like to play music and have it be fun so I decided to stop. I wasn't even sure if I was going to make a new record, I was just kinda quitting.
Evan Dando	My high-school dream was to be in a band, pay my rent and eat - and I've been able to do that for 20 years. So I'm completely content.
Evan Dando	I don't write down my experiences, but I have a very decent memory. I have tons of books in which I write down phrases as they occur to me. That's how I write songs. I'll need a line and I'll go through the books and find it, the right rhyme and everything.
Evan Dando	Basically, between 1989 and 1994, I hadn't taken a vacation.
Evan Dando	But ya have to make videos in the States. Usually ours just look too serious. We haven't got it together.
Evan Dando	CDs, too. Totally corporate. They look real cheap and soulless and they don't smell of anything.
Evan Dando	Even the bands I dig don't have a history of attaining mass consumption.
Evan Dando	For me, it's all about The Dubliners by James Joyce. I love The Dead.
Evan Dando	I guess I'm about ready to promote myself in a more human way. I don't feel quite so insecure.
Evan Dando	I have to make rock records occasionally.
Evan Dando	I lie around and play guitar, that's something I do for sure. In fact that's all I do, I think.
Evan Dando	I need the money. People don't understand how little money you make in a band.
Evan Dando	I was hanging out with Jonathan Richman last night.
Evan Dando	I've got time, I hope, to make lots of quiet records. So quiet you won't be able to hear them.
Evan Dando	It is hard, though, 'cos record labels love to boss you around. I won't let them do that anymore.
Evan Dando	It's better when you have your wife with you, more fun.
Evan Dando	Rock stars wanting to write is even worse than wanting to act in movies, right?
Evan Dando	Since Elizabeth, I certainly live a healthier lifestyle.
Evan Dando	Some of our stuff ends up looking too corporate. I'm going to be a lot stricter from now on.
Evan Dando	The best songs I write in 20 minutes.
Evan Dando	When I write a song, it's all about the riff - the riff first, then the words come later.
Evan Daugherty	After 'Divergent,' I got a job rewriting a sci-fi script at Paramount. I think they really liked what I did, so I got a call saying, 'We're about to shoot 'Ninja Turtles' in three or four months; do you wanna come in and do a little work on the script?' That was the beginning of a many-month 'Ninja Turtle' odyssey.
Evan Daugherty	Those are the two best words in English, 'Bidding' and 'war'.
Evan Daugherty	No one prepared me for the stress and insanity of a week leading up to a movie. Years and years of work come down to three days.
Evan Daugherty	I love intricate plotting and exciting twists, but I realize more that people enjoy a good story in a simple, focused way.
Evan Daugherty	I didn't write 'Snow White' for any class, but I got bitten by the screenwriting bug and wrote a couple of scripts in my spare time instead of going to keg parties or something.
Evan Daugherty	As a writer, you sit around a computer all day, and it's too easy to open another tab and keep Rotten Tomatoes there.
Evan Daugherty	'Lord of the Rings' was going on; like, my college years were the years of 'Lord of the Rings,' an awesome time to be in film school.
Evan Daugherty	Most scripts that get written in Hollywood don't go anywhere.
Evan Daugherty	That TV show, 'After Thought,' is really exciting. It's a cross between 'Inception' and 'CSI' that I'm working on with Melissa Rosenberg from the 'Twilight' movies.
Evan Daugherty	A script is a unique literary form, because it's not the end product; it's a blueprint. If you're not thinking of that end product, there's going to be a disconnect.
Evan Daugherty	I loved 'Star Wars' as a kid, but I missed out on the experiences of seeing them for the first time. It was before my time, and 'Lord of the Rings,' that trilogy felt like something similar to what 'Star Wars' was for previous generations.
Evan Daugherty	I never really knew that I would be a lifer of strong female characters, but that seems to be the drops I'm being given, and I'm very happy for them. Hopefully, 'Divergent' will be the next thing.
Evan Daugherty	I went back to Dallas for a little while to finish my short film 'Rusty Forkblade.' It was not the instant success I thought it was going to be. There's a false narrative that if you make a short film right after senior year, you'll be plucked out to make a feature length film, and the rest is history. I didn't do that.
Evan Daugherty	I wouldn't say I see things visually first, but what I do think is important, for a lot of screenwriters, is to not just think about the words on the page, but also the world as a whole and the vibe of the movie, rather than a sequence of scenes written on the page.
Evan Daugherty	I wrote this script in 2003, when I was a humble college student, sitting in my boxers and writing in my dorm room. And I came up with the idea of writing an action-based 'Snow White,' with this kind of Huntsman character as kind of a way in. So, that's something I'm sort of proud of.
Evan Daugherty	In 'Snow White and the Hunstman,' when we see them in the Dark Forest, you're allowed a lot of freedom to be able to cutaway to, for instance, the prince. That B and C story stuff helps the writing process, even though it makes it a more complicated movie.
Evan Daugherty	Reviewers are certainly entitled to their own opinions. I've become buddies with enough writers and directors, and to be perfectly honest, the ones that have lasted a long time don't pay a lot of attention to the reviews.
Evan Daugherty	The absolute base-level thing that you do as a new screenwriter is send out query letters. Literally, you just say, 'Hi, Mr. So-and-So,' and you give them a one-sentence description of one of your scripts. You send it out to a list of people you found on the Internet.
Evan Daugherty	The truth is, there are probably eight more 'Snow White' scripts floating around out there. And once one 'Snow White' script got hot, other people started pulling out their 'Snow White' scripts.
Evan Daugherty	Very often, things that people may think come from the writer, very often don't. There's a lot of cooks in the kitchen when it comes to making a movie. When you hear a line of dialogue that sounds kind of tinny, it's pretty easy to cite the screenwriter. But there's a lot of stuff that goes into making a movie.
Evan G. Galbraith	The State Department desperately needs to be vigorously harnessed. It has too big a role to play in the formulation of foreign policy, and foreign policy is too important to be left up to foreign service officers.
Evan G. Galbraith	There's something about the Foreign Service that takes the guts out of people.
Ewan McGregor	Producing good stuff can be quite tough, and it involves a lot of frustration, but I always like things to be jolly and happy, and I forget that's actually not the point at the end of the day.
Ewan McGregor	Giving kids whatever they ask for is disastrous parenting. There's no sense of something earned. I'm sorry, but when you're 12, you don't need a new cell phone every few months just because a new one comes out.
Ewan McGregor	I really want to play Princess Leia. Stick some big pastries on my head. Now that would be interesting.
Ewan McGregor	I don't pay much attention to career or what other people think. I've always been quite arrogant.
Ewan McGregor	I like to dance, but it's not my weekend activity. I'm not a clubber.
Ewan McGregor	I'm fiercely proud to be Scottish.
Ewan McGregor	I want to wear skinny jeans when I'm in my 70s. Why not? Who cares?
Ewan McGregor	I'm in a position where I can do many things most people just daydream about.
Ewan McGregor	My feeling about seeing the world is that it's going to change you necessarily, just the very fact of being out there and meeting people from different cultures and different ways of life.
Ewan McGregor	I love skiing, scuba diving and hang-gliding.
Ewan McGregor	I've always been really uninterested in politicians and the acts of the Houses of Parliament, or government as an idea. But I'm interested in politics in that I'm a member of the world, and I have strong feelings of right and wrong, but I can't get into the ins and outs of it.
Ewan McGregor	I like the idea of being a sculptor. Just me alone, making something - that solitary existence.
Ewan McGregor	The thing about parenting rules is there aren't any. That's what makes it so difficult.
Ewan McGregor	I'm just into making quality stuff if I can, with interesting people and good scripts. But it's very important that it's about something and that it says something. Otherwise, I don't know what the point is, really.
Ewan McGregor	As a child I was taken to the pantomime or the theatre and I would always, always fall in love with somebody on the stage. And want to have sex with them.
Ewan McGregor	Mainly I was able to perform with music - I played the French horn, I would sing, and I was a drummer in the pipe band. So I think it was a way to show off.
Ewan McGregor	If you want to produce really horrible, obnoxious kids, say yes to them all the time.
Ewan McGregor	I'm just looking for that moment to drop my Jedi knickers and pull out my real light saber.
Ewan McGregor	If you're suddenly doing something you don't want to do for four years, just so you've got something to fall back on, by the time you come out you don't have that 16-year-old drive any more and you'll spend your life doing something you never wanted to do in the first place.
Ewan McGregor	From there I did a one year theatre acting course in Fife, and then three years of drama school in London.
Ewan McGregor	I left halfway through my third year to start Lipstick On Your Collar, which was the first thing I ever did.
Ewan McGregor	Conservative's the last thing I am.
Ewan McGregor	I find that the acting's getting easier - with experience, everything is more instinctual.
Ewan McGregor	It's just fantastic to go out and meet people in the world and get to really remote places.
Ewan McGregor	Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.
F. Lee Bailey	Can any of you seriously say the Bill of Rights could get through Congress today? It wouldn't even get out of committee.
F. Lee Bailey	I would strongly recommend any young man to stay away from criminal law. It's not a good place to be, unfortunately.
F. Lee Bailey	I use the rules to frustrate the law. But I didn't set up the ground rules.
F. Lee Bailey	There are no major cities I haven't been in - at least once. I'd be just as happy not to go out of town for a couple of months and play with toys.
F. Lee Bailey	I can get a firestorm going anywhere in the United States by saying 'O.J.'
F. Lee Bailey	Justice Scalia is predictable. He can be counted on to come down with a conservative opinion, and generally, to bring Justice Clarence Thomas with him.
F. Lee Bailey	I enjoy personal injury cases. I've tried quite a few of those. And, frankly, any kind of litigation that is trouble-shooting, whether it's equities, suits and injunctions, or whatever.
F. Lee Bailey	Among the rednecks of America, which there are many more than people seem to realize, it was terribly damaging. I got blamed for O.J.'s acquittal.
F. Lee Bailey	If I'm offered a good case in Florida or a good case somewhere else, South Florida will win every time.
F. Murray Abraham	I think creativity is spiritual. I absolutely believe that.
F. Murray Abraham	I'd like President Bush to think maybe there's another way to think, that maybe Kissinger was wrong when he says we had to go in there because he was wrong about Vietnam.
F. Murray Abraham	Suddenly I was the man who got the part that every actor in the English language was trying to get. I was really scared. I had talked the talk, and now I had to walk the walk. For three days, I couldn't answer the phone.
F. Murray Abraham	I just throw it out and see what happens. If it sounds and feels right, then I continue.
F. Murray Abraham	I'm not going to just say nice things about everybody unless I mean it.
F. Murray Abraham	The idea that you can make love and not war really is pretty neat. That thing in Korea, the thing in Israel - that's all over the world. There must be a new way of thinking.
F. Murray Abraham	With Connery, he does act. He is in complete command. He completely trusts the person first, then the instrument. I've worked with his son also, on a picture in Russia.
F. Murray Abraham	There is one confrontation scene toward the end of the picture. In the middle of the scene, I thought, That's Sean Connery! I don't know how else to describe Sean Connery. I still feel that way.
F. Murray Abraham	With Dick Smith there, and the words of Peter Shaffer... they've got to be the most beautiful descriptions in music ever written on film or in literature. And we could hear the music accompanying the words... What more can you ask for?
F. Murray Abraham	I love parties. I love a good time.
F. Murray Abraham	Arnold Schwarzenegger, I don't know if you'd call him a great actor, but he's amazing in terms of his presence, and he is interesting enough that you want to watch him.
F. Murray Abraham	I don't want to talk in terms of miracles. I think this is a very serious situation. But I do want to talk in terms of Bush becoming a man of the hour, and I think this is way to do it.
F. Murray Abraham	All the stuff that you visualized that was going to work so beautifully, you discover is trashed, so you jump to something else.
F. Murray Abraham	I have two brothers buried in the military cemetery in Texas. I don't want to see any more of that.
F. Murray Abraham	Woody Allen sets are very quiet. Extraordinary sense of power from a man who doesn't do anything except just stand there.
F. Murray Abraham	As much preparation as I had made for the old man Salieri, gestures and so on, the fact is after sitting for hours, your movements are kind of slow.
F. Murray Abraham	I acted my heart out.
F. Murray Abraham	I really like to experiment. That's the only way I can work. It's instinctive.
F. Murray Abraham	I'm a very proud actor.
F. Murray Abraham	Once I looked into a mirror at my face I felt like it was completely convincing. I was Salieri.
F. Murray Abraham	The difficulty is capturing surprise on film.
F. Murray Abraham	There are certain men and women who, from the minute they step in front of a camera, that's exactly where they belong. Connery's one.
F. Murray Abraham	If these men decided that they have to go in there and fight, I want them to send their own children and grandchildren. I want them to not send a bunch of strangers' kids in there to fight and die.
F. Murray Abraham	I trust that the president will try, just give it one more shot, some revolutionary way of not doing this, of bringing all those kids back home safely.
F. Murray Abraham	I'd like President Bush to get a gun in his hands. I'll go with him. I can't think of anything better than to die in place 's just beginning their lives.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Family quarrels are bitter things. They don't go according to any rules. They're not like aches or wounds, they're more like splits in the skin that won't heal because there's not enough material.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	It is sadder to find the past again and find it inadequate to the present than it is to have it elude you and remain forever a harmonious conception of memory.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	You don't write because you want to say something, you write because you have something to say.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Life is essentially a cheat and its conditions are those of defeat; the redeeming things are not happiness and pleasure but the deeper satisfactions that come out of struggle.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	All good writing is swimming under water and holding your breath.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	I'm a romantic; a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	The idea that to make a man work you've got to hold gold in front of his eyes is a growth, not an axiom. We've done that for so long that we've forgotten there's any other way.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Forgotten is forgiven.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Everybody's youth is a dream, a form of chemical madness.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	No grand idea was ever born in a conference, but a lot of foolish ideas have died there.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	What'll we do with ourselves this afternoon? And the day after that, and the next thirty years?
F. Scott Fitzgerald	I like people and I like them to like me, but I wear my heart where God put it, on the inside.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	When people are taken out of their depths they lose their heads, no matter how charming a bluff they may put up.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Either you think, or else others have to think for you and take power from you, pervert and discipline your natural tastes, civilize and sterilize you.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	Switzerland is a country where very few things begin, but many things end.
F. Scott Fitzgerald	The easiest way to get a reputation is to go outside the fold, shout around for a few years as a violent atheist or a dangerous radical, and then crawl back to the shelter.
Fairuza Balk	People don't talk to me the way they would other people. They kind of look at me, but they never come over. It makes me feel like there's something wrong with me.
Fairuza Balk	I'm beginning to get pigeonholed as the girl who plays the crazies and weirdoes - and that's not the entirety of who I am. Hopefully, the whole point of being in this profession is that you change into anyone you want to be.
Fairuza Balk	I got beat up up in Texas because my bootlaces were the wrong color.
Fairuza Balk	I want love, because love is the best feeling in the whole world.
Fairuza Balk	I always get the 'goth girl' thing because I wear black. But I don't worship death.
Fairuza Balk	I do think I tend to have a darker nature than most.
Fairuza Balk	My family is basically Gypsies - for real.
Faith Baldwin	Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
Faith Baldwin	Sometimes there is a greater lack of communication in facile talking than in silence.
Faith Baldwin	Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down within incredible swiftness.
Faith Baldwin	You cannot contribute anything to the ideal condition of mind and heart known as Brotherhood, however much you preach, posture, or agree, unless you live it.
Faith Baldwin	One of the dreariest spots on life's road is the point of conviction that nothing will ever again happen to you.
Fannie Farmer	I certainly feel that the time is not far distant when a knowledge of the principles of diet will be an essential part of one's education. Then mankind will eat to live, be able to do better mental and physical work and disease will be less frequent.
Fannie Farmer	Progress in civilization has been accompanied by progress in cookery.
Fannie Lou Hamer	I am sick and tired of being sick and tired.
Fannie Lou Hamer	Nobody's free until everybody's free.
Fannie Lou Hamer	People have got to get together and work together. I'm tired of the kind of oppression that white people have inflicted on us and are still trying to inflict.
Fannie Lou Hamer	With the people, for the people, by the people. I crack up when I hear it; I say, with the handful, for the handful, by the handful, cause that's what really happens.
Fannie Lou Hamer	White Americans today don't know what in the world to do because when they put us behind them, that's where they made their mistake... they put us behind them, and we watched every move they made.
Fannie Lou Hamer	There is one thing you have got to learn about our movement. Three people are better than no people.
Fannie Lou Hamer	If the white man gives you anything - just remember when he gets ready he will take it right back. We have to take for ourselves.
Farnaz Fassihi	I have lucky boots for military embeds, a lucky scarf for road trips, a lucky handbag, and lucky days of the week. I tap into my gut for 'right' or 'wrong' feelings about such simple things as whether I should go grocery shopping.
Farnaz Fassihi	Almost immediately, I remember right when Tikrit even fell, a few days after Baghdad fell, there was talks of insurgency, there was talks of jihad and of resisting the American occupiers, and slowly this turned into an organized movement.
Farnaz Fassihi	I had several near death experiences or very, you know, close calls, if you may, in Iraq. You know, there was an incident where I was nearly kidnapped.
Farnaz Fassihi	The first time I went to Iraq was October 2002, when Saddam was still in power, and then, subsequently, in January of 2003, about three-and-a-half months before the U.S. invasion. So, I got to see the before and after of Iraq, basically, before and after the war.
Farooq Abdullah	I should learn the language of a politician - give away as little and keep the rest to yourself. Not lie, I just want to be more guarded.
Farooq Abdullah	I trust people too much, and the other tragedy is I can't say no.
Farooq Abdullah	I want to become foreign minister of India one day and then President of India.
Farooq Abdullah	I can't hide things from my Maker, so it is better to be honest.
Farrah Fawcett	My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.
Farrah Fawcett	God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.
Farrah Fawcett	I'm shy. I can go on a trip for days and not go because I won't sit on a toilet seat on a plane. I'm certainly not going to go on somebody's lawn. Could you imagine, in a cocktail dress?
Farrah Fawcett	When you do bad things, bad things happen to you.
Farrah Fawcett	The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think.
Farrah Fawcett	I'm a private person. I'm shy about people knowing things.
Farrah Fawcett	Marriages that last are with people who do not live in Los Angeles.
Farrah Fawcett	I don't think an actor ever wants to establish an image. That certainly hurt me, and yet that is also what made me successful and eventually able to do more challenging roles.
Farrah Fawcett	Everything has positive and negative consequences.
Farrah Fawcett	It's still going on. I guess it will be until Redmond quits, dies or is jailed.
Farrah Fawcett	Have I been wiretapped? Yes. But who they said wiretapped me was incorrect.
Farrah Fawcett	I became famous almost before I had a craft.
Farrah Fawcett	In the face of excruciating pain and uncertainty, I never lost hope, and it never occurred to me to stop fighting - not ever.
Farrah Fawcett	You have to eventually grow up and take control of your life, which is very hard to do.
Farrah Fawcett	I find that, for me, personally - and this is in everyday life - if I'm not growing, if I can't be stimulated in a conversation, then I am bored. And I'm not good when I'm bored.
Farrah Fawcett	I think that when you're kind of just shoved out there and you have to be tough and you're facing tough people and people are saying bad things about you, that all of a sudden, you have to become a little less sweet.
Farrah Fawcett	You know what I would love? I would love to be one of those actresses who can come out with a film or come out with a new commercial without the world knowing about it.
Farrah Fawcett	I am proud of what I have got and I need an audience.
Farrah Fawcett	I was terrified of getting the chemo. It's not pleasant. And the radiation is not pleasant.
Farrah Fawcett	It would almost be sinful to say that I regretted doing 'Charlie's Angels' because it did so much for my career.
Farrah Fawcett	This experience has also humbled me by giving me a true understanding of what millions of others face each day in their own fight against cancer.
Farrah Fawcett	To be rude to someone is not my nature.
Farrah Fawcett	I would rather make feature movies because, let's face it, you take more time. You take seven days to do a show, and you take three or four months to do a movie.
Farrah Fawcett	I'm holding onto the hope that there is some reason that I got cancer and there is something - that may not be very clear to me right now - but that I will do.
Fawn Hall	The press was all over to get a picture of me. It got to the point where they were all over my house, following me to work... Then Tom Brokaw and everybody else was doing stories, 'A star is born.'
Fawn Hall	I was very happy being a secretary. I loved working for the government. I was very happy with my life.
Fawn Hall	I felt uneasy, but sometimes, like I said before, I believed in Col. North and there was a very solid and very valid reason that he must have been doing this.
Fawn Hall	I wasn't interested in exploiting myself.
Fawn Hall	And sometimes you have to go above the written law, I believe.
Fawn Hall	I did not know many of the details relevant to the Iran and contra initiatives.
Fawn Hall	I think Col. North is first a U.S. citizen and he has the same rights as you yourself do, sir.
Fawn Hall	We shred every day.
Federico Fellini	There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the passion of life.
Federico Fellini	Realism is a bad word. In a sense everything is realistic. I see no line between the imaginary and the real.
Federico Fellini	All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
Federico Fellini	You exist only in what you do.
Federico Fellini	I think television has betrayed the meaning of democratic speech, adding visual chaos to the confusion of voices. What role does silence have in all this noise?
Federico Fellini	It is only when I am doing my work that I feel truly alive.
Federico Fellini	It's easier to be faithful to a restaurant than it is to a woman.
Federico Fellini	A different language is a different vision of life.
Federico Fellini	The artist is the medium between his fantasies and the rest of the world.
Federico Fellini	A created thing is never invented and it is never true: it is always and ever itself.
Federico Fellini	Experience is what you get while looking for something else.
Federico Fellini	Even if I set out to make a film about a fillet of sole, it would be about me.
Federico Fellini	Nietzsche claimed that his genius was in his nostrils and I think that is a very excellent place for it to be.
Federico Fellini	Hype is the awkward and desperate attempt to convince journalists that what you've made is worth the misery of having to review it.
Federico Fellini	Fate is written in the face.
Federico Fellini	Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.
Federico Fellini	Censorship is advertising paid by the government.
Federico Fellini	God may not play dice but he enjoys a good round of Trivial Pursuit every now and again.
Federico Fellini	A good opening and a good ending make for a good film provide they come close together.
Federico Fellini	No critic writing about a film could say more than the film itself, although they do their best to make us think the oppposite.
Feist	I'm a Canadian. Outside Canada I carry the flag. Canadian nationalism isn't as insidious as American nationalism, though. It's good natured. It's all about maple syrup, not war.
Feist	Music is pretty intimate stuff and I can only work with very few people: Gonzalez being one, Mocky being another and, on a completely different level, Broken Social Scene. With Broken Social Scene it's not one-on-one, it's a one-on-12. It's very healthy, very comfortable, like a big pot luck supper among old friends.
Feist	I once looked over the shoulder of a friend on Facebook and it looked like hieroglyphs to me. There's merit online, of course, but social media gets super freaky. Imagine if three generations from now, people online have forgotten what date or day of the week it is.
Feist	Surreal can be exciting and good, and it can be like living inside an alien landscape, and it can be completely interesting, or you can be alienated from your own life - inside your own life, it doesn't feel familiar any more.
Feist	There's nothing better than not knowing what's going to happen until you put the pieces together.
Feist	There's real potency in metal. Metal fans love metal as if it's a nation they would fight for. It's not diluted by pop culture.
Feist	There's a crazy amount of goodwill, and I don't know where it came from, and I don't understand, but the more I pay attention to it, the more it's going to sting when it flips, so I think I'm almost subconsciously cultivating this naivety to it all.
Feist	The idea of having one ensemble do everything is what was on 'Sea Lion' and that's what I tried to make happen for 'Metals,' which is having five people in the room and all of us contributing equally to every arrangement and every song.
Feist	There have been times I've planted stuff in songs where four years later I'll be singing it from a subconscious, kind of chameleon little lizard mind... and at a certain moment, all of a sudden, I'll hear a line from a different vantage point and it'll change its meaning. It's something I wrote but it changed because I did.
Feist	When I was in Beck's world, I felt like the little sister. I'm in the big brother's room with all his friends. You just hang out and keep your mouth shut so they don't realize you're there and kick you out. I like being in situations where I can be an underdog, where I can be in the corner and observe and soak it in.
Feist	When I did '1,2,3,4' on 'Sesame Street' they'd rewritten the song and made it about counting. At first, I balked. I was like, 'Counting to four? That's where we're going with this?' Then they sent me appearances by other people like James Blunt doing 'You're Beautiful' as 'My Triangle.'
Feist	You never know what's going to play into what's worthy of getting encapsulated into a song.
Feist	I live and die by puns.
Feist	Well, there's just some universal truths in a way that I've just observed to be true. You read Voltaire. You read modern literature. Anywhere you go, there's these observations about romantic love and what it does people, and these rotten feelings that rarely are people meaning to do that to each other.
Feist	When you say something or sing something enough times, it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's almost like casting spells. I don't mean necessarily in the flighty, 'I'm going to go buy a cloak with a hood now' way.
Feist	On the videos for '1234' and 'My Moon My Man' I wanted to make the songs visible. And, really, what way can you make sound visible other than good old naive dancing? I was working with a choreographer, but I'm not a dancer. Any notion of elegance is impossible with me.
Feist	Something that I think I figured out slowly was if you're playing a show and there's a chatter or there is, you know, a lot of noise - people talking or something - I was never the one whose instinct was to try to be louder than them.
Feist	'Gatekeeper' was sort of my first attempt to put a little bit of a frame and boundaries around songwriting, and try to figure out a way to approach it that had a sort of end result in mind. I haven't written many like that.
Feist	So, I'm on 'Sesame Street,' walking around with all these monsters, Elmo and his buddies, a whole bunch of chickens, a whole bunch of penguins and a number four dancing about. It was just pure joy, simple, ridiculous fun, stupid joy. There's no irony. 'Sesame Street' is just a crazy great place to be.
Feist	The group-effort sound in recording of 'Sea Lion' is like, you really hear all the people in the room and hear them interlocking. There's a real freight-train energy of all these people at the same time playing.
Feist	And of course, pop music is all about memorability and simplicity and positive messages and a little dash of joy.
Feist	I need therapy after writing. It's like leaking blood from a stone. It's brutally difficult but worth it.
Feist	When I first played '1234' it was on stage in San Francisco at some kind of, like, sticky-floored club. And it felt like a punk song. I mean it's ridiculous to say that now, but it had that kind of, like, piercing straight melody. And then this fist-pumping ending, you know that pa-dap-pada.
Feist	Commercialism isn't challenging creatively; it's only challenging in a stamina way.
Feist	For me, music is in the choice of what not to play as much as in what you've chosen to play.
Felix Adler	The past speaks to us in a thousand voices, warning and comforting, animating and stirring to action.
Felix Adler	The hero is one who kindles a great light in the world, who sets up blazing torches in the dark streets of life for men to see by.
Felix Adler	An anxious unrest, a fierce craving desire for gain has taken possession of the commercial world, and in instances no longer rare the most precious and permanent goods of human life have been madly sacrificed in the interests of momentary enrichment.
Felix Adler	Few are there that will leave the secure seclusion of the scholar's life, the peaceful walks of literature and learning, to stand out a target for the criticism of unkind and hostile minds.
Felix Adler	Love is the expansion of two natures in such fashion that each include the other, each is enriched by the other.
Felix Adler	The office of the public teacher is an unenviable and thankless one.
Felix Adler	Every dogma, every philosophic or theological creed, was at its inception a statement in terms of the intellect of a certain inner experience.
Felix Adler	In a country of such recent civilization as ours, whose almost limitless treasures of material wealth invite the risks of capital and the industry of labor, it is but natural that material interests should absorb the attention of the people to a degree elsewhere unknown.
Felix Adler	No religion can long continue to maintain its purity when the church becomes the subservient vassal of the state.
Felix Adler	Admitting the force of these contentions, nevertheless, the custom of meeting together in public assembly for the consideration of the most serious, the most exalted topics of human interest is too vitally precious to be lost.
Felix Adler	Perhaps a hundred people assembled one evening, May 15, 1876, at the time when the country was celebrating the hundredth anniversary of its political independence.
Felix Adler	The Ethical Society, therefore, is like a Church in maintaining, and emphasizing the importance of maintaining the custom of public assemblies on Sunday.
Felix Adler	The family is the school of duties - founded on love.
Felix Adler	Simplicity should not be identified with bareness.
Felix Adler	Love of country is like love of woman - he loves her best who seeks to bestow on her the highest good.
Felix Adler	The platform of an Ethical Society is itself the altar; the address must be the fire that burns thereon.
Felix Adler	We measure our enjoyments by the sum expended.
Felix Adler	Ethical religion can be real only to those who are engaged in ceaseless efforts at moral improvement. By moving upward we acquire faith in an upward movement, without limit.
Felix Adler	The freedom of thought is a sacred right of every individual man, and diversity will continue to increase with the progress, refinement, and differentiation of the human intellect.
Felix Adler	No one can fail to see that the power of the Church among large numbers in many communities is today diminishing, or has already ceased.
Felix Adler	The exercises of our meeting are to be simple and devoid of all ceremonial and formalism.
Felix Adler	Where the roots of private virtue are diseased, the fruit of public probity cannot but be corrupt.
Felix Adler	FOR a long time the conviction has been dimly felt in the community that, without prejudice to existing institutions, the legal day of weekly rest might be employed to advantage for purposes affecting the general good.
Felix Adler	If you desire information on some point of law, you are not likely to ponder over the ponderous tomes of legal writers in order to obtain the knowledge you seek, by your own unaided efforts.
Felix Adler	For more than three thousand years men have quarreled concerning the formulas of their faith.
Felix Feneon	I aspire only to silence.
Felix Feneon	If Monsieur X spent an eternity studying treatises on optics, he would never paint 'La Grande Jatte.'
Ferdowsi	How shall a man escape from that which is written; How shall he flee from his destiny?
Ferdowsi	And the blood of brave men was shed like unto the shedding of rain from a black cloud.
Ferdowsi	Now when the two armies met, many and fierce were the combats waged between them, and blows were given and received, and swords flashed and showers of arrows descended on all sides.
Ferdowsi	And now may the blessing of God rest upon all men. I have told unto them the Epic of Kings, and the Epic of Kings is come to a close, and the tale of their deeds is ended.
Ferdowsi	Helmet was joined to helmet, and spear to spear, and jewels, baggage, and elephants without number went with them, and you would have said it was a host that none could understand.
Fergie	I have always loved fashion because it's a great way to express your mood. And I'm definitely a shoe lover. The right pair of shoes can change the feel of an outfit, and even change how a woman feels about herself. A woman can wear confidence on her feet with a high stiletto, or slip into weekend comfort with a soft ballet flat.
Fergie	Men scream and go crazy in the gym. I'm a silent workout partner, but when my adrenaline gets up, I talk trash.
Fergie	I'm trying to get a thicker skin. I like to be aware of people's perceptions of me, but when you put it as a priority, as a means to judging your worth, that's when it can be dangerous.
Fergie	There were periods of my life when a lot of people didn't believe in me. I still had faith in myself. I really had to ask myself life questions. Where do I see myself in five years? Create a ladder for yourself, and walk up the steps. Climb that ladder.
Fergie	Dick Clark will be truly missed. We will carry on his legacy every New Year's Eve.
Fergie	I try to work out with my personal trainer for an hour, four times a week - we mainly concentrate on weights and running. If I'm on the road I sometimes do DVD work-outs in my hotel room - P90X and Insanity are a couple of my favourites.
Fergie	I have my team. Like if you see everyone around me - I have my hair and makeup girl, my assistant. They're very calm, they're all about positive energy. There're no drama queens. Everyone wants everyone else to have a positive experience. There are no agendas. I think it creates a healthy environment and there are no boundaries to cross.
Fergie	Wearing nice lingerie makes me feel really glamorous. I love to splurge on that.
Fergie	For me, healthy eating and exercising is something I work on constantly. I'm not the most disciplined dieter. I try to eat a lot of fruit and vegetables but sometimes late at night I tend to have fast-food meals - and that's where I get myself into trouble! So I'm not in the best shape I could be, but I'm still healthy and comfy.
Fergie	I finally found the product that helps mend my damaged hair and prevent breakage. Avon's Advance Techniques Damage Repair 3D Rescue Leave-In Treatment makes it look and feel healthier.
Fergie	I call my therapist every other day. It's not a one-stop shop. You have to push away all that negativity in your head. Face it, name it, let it go.
Fergie	You know, I'm a curvy woman and I just want to be comfortable with that.
Fergie	I love diamond facials - they leave me glowing and refreshed.
Fergie	I use the Clarisonic electronic skin cleansing system. It's great for removing excess oil and make-up and leaves my face feeling really smooth and clean. Then I apply Avon Anew Rejuvenate Day Revitalising Cream and Creme de la Mer Eye Concentrate. I think eye cream is so important - it keeps me looking young and prevents wrinkles.
Fergie	I was in a group called Wild Orchid and it just wasn't working. I wasn't being myself. What I should have done was say. 'Girls, it's really time for me to go on my own. I need to fulfill this dream of mine to have a solo album.' And I didn't know how to do that. I wanted to please them.
Fergie	I'm famous for splurging at fast-food places. I'm currently obsessed with Taco Bell's bean and cheese burritos with extra green sauce and extra cheese. Gluttony!
Fergie	I've been working straight since 2003, so I might just want to take an improv or theater class. That excites me. I can't wait to do different characters - not necessarily the leading chick who gets the guy, but the weird, freaky cousin.
Fergie	Part of my affinity with urban music comes from being on 'Kids Incorporated,' 'cos we used to sit around and listen to Chaka Khan and Prince, and I got influenced by all that. Then gangsta rap got started, and I was infatuated with that - maybe that's why I'm fascinated by guns.
Fergie	I needed to take a break from performing, and from the Peas, to be happy. I craved female time, and time with my husband to feed my soul. My life now is about being balanced. I'm passionate about work and working out, seeing friends and family, and letting my hair down once in a while.
Fergie	I'm a big online everything. But for me, shopping online started with music, obviously, then it went onto books, meditation CDs, and I just recently bought these electronic cigarettes. My husband is trying to quit smoking, so I went online and I bought those BluCigs cigarettes in every flavor for him.
Fergie	It's cool to express myself, but I've had to learn that doing interviews isn't completely therapy - spilling everything about yourself isn't healthy all the time. But I've been through things that have made me a stronger person, and if I can help some people, I will.
Fergie	Grades were important in our house. I was reading by two. My mom would sit there and read with me, read with me, read with me. It was wonderful.
Fergie	You'd be surprised how addicting high self-esteem is.
Fergie	There is so much to do in my house, in every little corner. It's just like anybody, it's like one step at a time. I try to decorate one space and a pipe breaks or whatever - you know how it is.
Fergie	I wasn't trying to be a role model with 'The Dutchess,' but suddenly, seeing little girls in the audience with their moms made me think about what I do onstage a little bit more. I had to watch my mouth, because it can be filthy. It changed things for me.
Ferran Adria	I don't worry about the things I can't change.
Ferran Adria	Everywhere the sky is blue. There are a multitude of cuisines and dishes. I think of them as the languages and dialects of food.
Ferran Adria	For me to go to a restaurant and eat something that is not only good, but totally new, is a double thrill. Double the enjoyment.
Ferran Adria	I am not a multimillionaire. I don't own a yacht or a Ferrari. I live in a 60-square- metre flat. My needs are simple.
Ferran Adria	I don't dream at night; life has given me the stuff I need to be able to dream during the day. I'm very lucky.
Ferran Adria	Risk is to do something that 99 percent of the time would be a failure.
Ferran Adria	When I was a teenager, my idol was the Dutch footballer Johan Cruyff. He's the only person I've ever asked for an autograph.
Ferran Adria	Chefs have only been able to work in restaurants, high-end cuisine. Why? Why haven't they been able to find other scenarios? For those chefs who want to do avant-garde cuisine, should they be finding their income in a restaurant?
Ferran Adria	It's very hard to be an innovator at the highest level in any discipline. For some chefs it's merely about combining ingredients, but that's something you can do with your eyes closed.
Ferran Adria	Innovation, being avant garde, is always polemic.
Ferran Adria	I believe that if you eat well, you work even better.
Ferran Adria	I can't live without activity; I can't be sedentary.
Ferran Adria	I have a driver's licence, but the truth is that I hardly ever drive. I prefer to get around by taxi.
Ferran Adria	In a city, it's very hard to do a restaurant, an avant-garde-cuisine restaurant, where each year you need to change the whole menu.
Ferran Adria	Just to eat is a gift.
Ferran Adria	If a child plays sport early in childhood, and doesn't give it up, he will play sport for the rest of his life. And if children have a connection with, and are involved in the preparation of, the food they eat, then it will be normal for them to cook these kind of meals, and they will go on cooking them for the rest of their lives.
Ferran Adria	Monkeys don't enjoy or appreciate flavours. Experts have told us that human beings are the only beings that can appreciate food at this higher level and the only living beings that cook.
Ferran Adria	Friends are really important, especially when you've had the successes that I've had. I've gone really far in my career, so they're the ones that keep you humble, keep your feet on the ground.
Ferran Adria	I wanted to take nouvelle cuisine further, to the point where we were breaking down the essence of taste and sensation, reconfiguring food as a series of really intense hits on the tongue.
Ferran Adria	Why not mix this and that? If soy goes well with fish, how come no one does beef carpaccio with soy? Why do we have such a taste and not another? It's all about culture. There is something, however, that I really don't like: bell peppers.
Ferran Adria	If I were a customer, and I was given a dish with peppers, I would hate it. I also don't like blood sausage.
Ferran Adria	Ferran Adria making hamburgers... some thought it was crazy. But getting them perfect was a challenge. Plus I'm fascinated by all aspects of food.
Ferran Adria	I cook more theoretically than I do practically. My job is creative, and in the kitchen, the biggest part of my creativity is theoretical.
Ferran Adria	I don't read books regularly, because I'm always writing them. I've written 30 books, thousands of pages.
Ferran Adria	I had a very normal childhood, and my mother cooked very normal food.
Floyd Abrams	It just seems to be a human trait to want to protect the speech of people with whom we agree. For the First Amendment, that is not good enough. So it is really important that we protect First Amendment rights of people no matter what side of the line they are on.
Floyd Abrams	So sometimes the facts are good and sometimes the facts are bad, the important thing from the point of view of a principle as broad and important as freedom of speech is that the courts articulate and set forth in a very protective way what those principles are.
Floyd Abrams	I still owe a duty of loyalty to my clients and former clients, so I cannot specify which clients I did not especially find congenial, but the cause was the same.
Floyd Abrams	I am really impressed by lawyers who write books and tell us that they never lost a case. Most lawyers who have never lost a case have not had enough hard cases. But there are very difficult cases out there.
Floyd Abrams	I try to do that in this book without preaching - to try to do as you just said that you really have to defend the First Amendment rights of everybody.
Floyd Abrams	I just had the sense that at least the books that I had read about law just didn't really have enough of that.
Floyd Abrams	Here we have a situation where a defendant in a case agrees to an interview with Dan Rather. It happened to be not confidential. But it was an interview with Dan Rather.
Floyd Abrams	I mean the idea of this is that it's a good thing for the public to hear interviews like this and that there will be an inevitable amount of fewer interviews if people that the press talks to wind up thinking, well, it's not really a CBS correspondent.
Floyd Abrams	I really try at least to come back and answer the question as to whether that was really the best way to do that and was I really thinking straight and how did my opponents behave and how did the judges behave was needed.
Floyd Abrams	If the word gets out, if the perception exists that by speaking to a CBS journalist you are, therefore, inevitably, immediately speaking to the police, I don't think there's any doubt but that people won't talk. And, therefore, the public won't learn.
Floyd Abrams	It has something to do with the facts and the law and who the judges are. So I think lawyers sometimes exaggerate their role in winning and losing. Lawyers do have a role, and a major role, but they're not the only players in this game.
Floyd Abrams	There are some circumstances in which the First Amendment interest comes up against another interest that is really important and in which we have to make a decision in a particular case as to which is more important.
Floyd Abrams	Were this not Texas, were there not a state where there were no protections at all and where the law was clear on that, I think CBS and Mary Mapes and Dan Rather and all of us had a very good chance of winning. So this is an ongoing battle about an issue of principle.
Floyd Abrams	It's not like learning how to hit a curve ball in baseball.
Floyd Abrams	CBS fought very hard on this because it believed and believes that there's a principle at stake here. The principle is that Dan Rather doesn't work for the police, and that people that speak to Dan Rather understand that he's a journalist and not a police agent.
Floyd Abrams	I think that it is important for people to understand that whether a good-guy or a bad-guy wins a case is less important than what the law is that the case results in.
Floyd Abrams	The question at the end of the day was, the courts having found there was no defense, a producer about to go to jail, should CBS in effect tell the producer go to jail even though there is no law at all that we can use to get you out of jail?
Floyd Abrams	CBS exhausted the Texas courts. They went from the trial court to the intermediate court to the highest court.
Floyd Abrams	I think that the very fact that CBS fought and fought and fought in Texas, in New York.
Floyd Abrams	The principle though remains the same, and the important thing is CBS fought hard, very hard, to protect that principle and will fight again.
Floyd Abrams	This is going right to the police. So, it's a very dangerous precedent.
Floyd Abrams	I know a lot of reporters certainly will go to jail to defend confidential sources. Some have even gone to jail for an issue like this. But I can't say that's the norm.
Floyd Abrams	I really did try to write it so that an educated public that cares about issues like this doesn't have to be a lawyer and can read it and understand it.
Floyd Abrams	I think we have some serious problems now, but, if you look back over the last thirty or forty years that my book deals with, I think we are in better shape now than we would have been if all of those cases had not come down.
Floyd Abrams	I would say that the Pentagon Papers case of 1971 - in which the government tried to block the The New York Times and The Washington Post that they obtained from a secret study of how we got involved in the war in Vietnam - that is probably the most important case.
Frances Farmer	If a person is treated like a patient, they are apt to act like one.
Frances Farmer	I have learned that to have a good friend is the purest of all God's gifts, for it is a love that has no exchange of payment.
Frances Farmer	There comes a point when a dream becomes reality and reality becomes a dream.
Frances Farmer	The more people pointed at me in scorn the more stubborn I got and when they began calling me the Bad Girl of West Seattle High, I tried to live up to it.
Frances Farmer	I think God just died of old age. And, when I realized that he wasn't any more, it didn't shock me. It seemed natural and right!
Frances Farmer	I used to lie between cool, clean sheets at night after I'd had a bath, after I had washed my hair and scrubbed my knuckles and finger-nails and teeth. Then I could lie quite still in the dark with my face to the window with the trees in it, and talk to God.
Frances Farmer	But I was sure of one thing. If God were a father, with children, that cleanliness I had been feeling wasn't God.
Frances Farmer	The Sunday School teacher talked too much in the way our grade school teacher used to when she told us about George Washington. Pleasant, pretty stories, but not true.
Frances Farmer	It puzzled me that other people hadn't found out, too. God was gone. We were younger. We had reached past him. Why couldn't they see it? It still puzzles me.
Frances Farmer	I wondered a little why God was such a useless thing. It seemed a waste of time to have him. After that he became less and less, until he was... nothingness.
Frances Farmer	I didn't think then, and I still don't, that I was actually sick.
Frances Farmer	I went to Sunday School and liked the stories about Christ and the Christmas star. They were beautiful. They made you warm and happy to think about. But I didn't believe them.
Frances Farmer	I just knew that God wasn't there. He was a man on a throne in Heaven, so he was easy to forget.
Frances Farmer	That satisfied me until I began to figure that if God loved all his children equally, why did he bother about my red hat and let other people lose their fathers and mothers for always?
Frances Farmer	I couldn't get that same feeling during the day, with my hands in dirty dish water and the hard sun showing up the dirtiness on the roof tops. And after a time, even at night, the feeling of God didn't last.
Francis Bacon	The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
Francis Bacon	Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
Francis Bacon	In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
Francis Bacon	Knowledge is power.
Francis Bacon	Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Francis Bacon	Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is.
Francis Bacon	I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am.
Francis Bacon	A bachelor's life is a fine breakfast, a flat lunch, and a miserable dinner.
Francis Bacon	A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.
Francis Bacon	Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Francis Bacon	Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience.
Francis Bacon	Men fear death as children fear to go in the dark; and as that natural fear in children is increased by tales, so is the other.
Francis Bacon	Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Francis Bacon	Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.
Francis Bacon	It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Francis Bacon	A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.
Francis Bacon	Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much.
Francis Bacon	He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator.
Francis Bacon	There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
Francis Bacon	Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
Francis Bacon	God hangs the greatest weights upon the smallest wires.
Francis Bacon	Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest, being the character of the Deity; and without it, man is a busy, mischievous, wretched thing.
Francis Bacon	Friends are thieves of time.
Francis Bacon	If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world.
Francis Bacon	If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
Francis Darwin	There seems to be one quality of mind which seems to be of special and extreme advantage in leading him to make discoveries. It was the power of never letting exceptions go unnoticed.
Francis Darwin	In science, the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to whom the idea first occurs.
Francis of Assisi	Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Francis of Assisi	For it is in giving that we receive.
Francis of Assisi	Preach the Gospel at all times and when necessary use words.
Francis of Assisi	If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Francis of Assisi	Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Francis of Assisi	While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
Francis of Assisi	If you have men who will exclude any of God's creatures from the shelter of compassion and pity, you will have men who will deal likewise with their fellow men.
Francis of Assisi	It is no use walking anywhere to preach unless our walking is our preaching.
Francis of Assisi	Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
Francis of Assisi	Above all the grace and the gifts that Christ gives to his beloved is that of overcoming self.
Francis of Assisi	Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
Francis of Assisi	Where there is injury let me sow pardon.
Francis of Assisi	I have been all things unholy. If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Francis of Assisi	No one is to be called an enemy, all are your benefactors, and no one does you harm. You have no enemy except yourselves.
Francis of Assisi	It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.
Francis of Assisi	If a superior give any order to one who is under him which is against that man's conscience, although he do not obey it yet he shall not be dismissed.
Francis of Assisi	Grant me the treasure of sublime poverty: permit the distinctive sign of our order to be that it does not possess anything of its own beneath the sun, for the glory of your name, and that it have no other patrimony than begging.
Francis of Assisi	It is in pardoning that we are pardoned.
Francis Quarles	My mind's my kingdom.
Francis Quarles	Beware of him that is slow to anger; for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.
Francis Quarles	The average person's ear weighs what you are, not what you were.
Francis Quarles	If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
Francis Quarles	Necessity of action takes away the fear of the act, and makes bold resolution the favorite of fortune.
Francis Quarles	Has fortune dealt you some bad cards. Then let wisdom make you a good gamester.
Francis Quarles	Be wisely worldly, but not worldly wise.
Francis Quarles	He that hath no cross deserves no crown.
Francis Quarles	Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Francis Quarles	Flatter not thyself in thy faith in God if thou hast not charity for thy neighbor.
Francis Quarles	And he repents in thorns that sleeps in beds of roses.
Francis Quarles	Anger may repast with thee for an hour, but not repose for a night; the continuance of anger is hatred, the continuance of hatred turns malice.
Francis Quarles	Temper your enjoyments with prudence, lest there be written on your heart that fearful word 'satiety.'
Francis Quarles	That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
Francis Quarles	Meditation is the life of the soul: Action, the soul of meditation; and honor the reward of action.
Francis Quarles	The road to perseverance lies by doubt.
Francis Quarles	The heart is a small thing, but desireth great matters. It is not sufficient for a kite's dinner, yet the whole world is not sufficient for it.
Francis Quarles	Heaven finds an ear when sinners find a tongue.
Francis Quarles	I wish thee as much pleasure in the reading, as I had in the writing.
Francis Quarles	Luxury is an enticing pleasure, a bastard mirth, which hath honey in her mouth, gall in her heart, and a sting in her tail.
Francis Quarles	No cross no crown.
Francis Quarles	The sufficiency of merit is to know that my merit is not sufficient.
Francis Quarles	Wickedness is its own punishment.
Francis Quarles	Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains.
Francis Quarles	Put off thy cares with thy clothes; so shall thy rest strengthen thy labor, and so thy labor sweeten thy rest.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Nothing is impossible; there are ways that lead to everything, and if we had sufficient will we should always have sufficient means. It is often merely for an excuse that we say things are impossible.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	It is almost always a fault of one who loves not to realize when he ceases to be loved.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Passion makes idiots of the cleverest men, and makes the biggest idiots clever.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	The defects and faults of the mind are like wounds in the body; after all imaginable care has been taken to heal them up, still there will be a scar left behind, and they are in continual danger of breaking the skin and bursting out again.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	We seldom find people ungrateful so long as it is thought we can serve them.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	No man deserves to be praised for his goodness, who has it not in his power to be wicked. Goodness without that power is generally nothing more than sloth, or an impotence of will.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Mediocre minds usually dismiss anything which reaches beyond their own understanding.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	As great minds have the faculty of saying a great deal in a few words, so lesser minds have a talent of talking much, and saying nothing.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	There are very few things impossible in themselves; and we do not want means to conquer difficulties so much as application and resolution in the use of means.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	We are so accustomed to disguise ourselves to others that in the end we become disguised to ourselves.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	The man that thinks he loves his mistress for her own sake is mightily mistaken.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	The intellect is always fooled by the heart.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Decency is the least of all laws, but yet it is the law which is most strictly observed.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	The only thing that should surprise us is that there are still some things that can surprise us.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	Hypocrisy is the homage vice pays to virtue.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld	People that are conceited of their own merit take pride in being unfortunate, that themselves and others may think them considerable enough to be the envy and the mark of fortune.
Francois Fenelon	All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
Francois Fenelon	Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.
Francois Fenelon	All earthly delights are sweeter in expectation than in enjoyment; but all spiritual pleasures more in fruition than in expectation.
Francois Fenelon	Genuine good taste consists in saying much in few words, in choosing among our thoughts, in having order and arrangement in what we say, and in speaking with composure.
Francois Fenelon	If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate.
Francois Fenelon	Had we not faults of our own, we should take less pleasure in complaining of others.
Francois Fenelon	Exactness and neatness in moderation is a virtue, but carried to extremes narrows the mind.
Francois Fenelon	Little opportunities should be improved.
Francois Fenelon	There is a set of religious, or rather moral, writings which teach that virtue is the certain road to happiness, and vice to misery in this world. A very wholesome and comfortable doctrine, and to which we have but one objection, namely, that it is not true.
Francois Fenelon	Nothing is more despicable than a professional talker who uses his words as a quack uses his remedies.
Francois Fenelon	A good historian is timeless; although he is a patriot, he will never flatter his country in any respect.
Francois Fenelon	Children are excellent observers, and will often perceive your slightest defects. In general, those who govern children, forgive nothing in them, but everything in themselves.
Francois Jacob	I had turned my anxiety into my profession.
Francois Jacob	For me, this world of questions and the provisional, this chase after an answer that was always put off to the next day, all that was euphoric. I lived in the future.
Francois Jacob	One of the deepest functions of a living organisms is to look ahead... to produce future.
Francois Jacob	Evolution is a tinkerer.
Frank Abagnale	A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father.
Frank Abagnale	Why do the Yankees always win? The other team can't stop looking at the pinstripes.
Frank Abagnale	The police can't protect consumers. People need to be more aware and educated about identity theft. You need to be a little bit wiser, a little bit smarter and there's nothing wrong with being skeptical. We live in a time when if you make it easy for someone to steal from you, someone will.
Frank Abagnale	Criminals look at identity theft and say only 1 in 700 criminals gets convicted of it. And they look at check forgery and they know that for every 1,400 forgers arrested, only about 123 get convicted and about 26 go to jail. So the rewards are great, but the risks are very slim. So that's one of the reasons that make it very popular.
Frank Abagnale	In the old days, a con man would be good looking, suave, well dressed, well spoken and presented themselves real well. Those days are gone because it's not necessary. The people committing these crimes are doing them from hundreds of miles away.
Frank Abagnale	What I did in my youth is hundreds of times easier today. Technology breeds crime.
Frank Abagnale	My proudest moment was probably when my oldest boy finished law school and went on to become an FBI agent. It was just beyond my imagination that - with my background - my own son would become an FBI agent.
Frank Abagnale	Most people are fascinated by what I did as a teenager, but when I look back at my life, I don't think very much about those years. I was an opportunist and got away with things because I was very young, but I went to prison and came out and remade my life.
Frank Abagnale	Whether you're earning $7 an hour or $700,000 a year, it's very important to protect your credit rating.
Frank Abagnale	The front of a cheque alone gives someone enough information to steal your identity.
Frank Abagnale	The Internet is a wonderful thing, but it opens the door to many crimes, so you have to stay ahead of it.
Frank Abagnale	Banks are so protected from liability they would have to really do something that was their mistake in order for them to be liable for it. Banks don't look at signatures. They're processing millions of checks and they have very little liability.
Frank Abagnale	When 'Catch Me If You Can' was published back in 1980, I never dreamed that it would become a bestseller, much less a major motion picture and now a big Broadway musical. What's amazing about the book is that it has never gone out of print.
Frank Abagnale	If you happen to tell me where you were born, your date of birth and that kind of information, then I'm 98 percent of the way to stealing your identity.
Frank Abagnale	Every case involving cybercrime that I've been involved in, I've never found a master criminal sitting somewhere in Russia or Hong Kong or Beijing. It always ends up that somebody at the company did something they weren't supposed to do. They read an email, went to a website they weren't supposed to.
Frank Abagnale	I don't use a debit card. The safest thing is a credit card because you're using the bank's money. If someone accesses your information, they are stealing the bank's money, not yours.
Frank Abagnale	If my forgeries looked as bad as the CBS documents, it would have been 'Catch Me In Two Days'.
Frank Abagnale	I was an opportunist and got away with things because I was very young, but I went to prison and came out and remade my life.
Frank Abagnale	I'm a true believer that you have a moral obligation to keep your employees honest, and that is why you have controls, so I'm never tempted or put in a position where I could do something to defraud my employer.
Frank Abagnale	It's amazing to me that we live in such a wonderful country where anyone can have a problem in life and get up, dust themselves off and start all over again.
Frank Abagnale	I was just a guy who ran away from home at 16 because my parents were getting a divorce and the judge was making me choose which parent to live with. I didn't want to make that choice. I ended up in New York City.
Frank Abagnale	I use a shredder for bank statements and phone bills. Most people use ribbon shredders that cut things straight: we can put those back together in an hour. Look for a security microcut shredder, which cuts papers into confetti.
Frank Abagnale	The biggest thing that concerns me is when we start getting countries using cybercrime to shut down infrastructure, electricity, communications systems, the Internet, et cetera.
Frank Abagnale	When people ask me about being portrayed onscreen by Leonardo DiCaprio, I always say, 'I love it - no matter how old I get, people are going to think that's what I look like.'
Frank Abagnale	Technology breeds crime and we are constantly trying to develop technology to stay one step ahead of the person trying to use it negatively.
Frank Cady	At 24, my head was as shiny as a cue ball on a billiard table. I naturally thought this meant curtains. Actually, I found it helped. When I was too young to play real character parts, they mistook me for older because of the bald noggin. I got juicy roles right from the start.
Frank Cady	If you hang around long enough to show these people what you can do, you have a chance in this acting business.
Frank Capra	Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
Frank Capra	Don't follow trends, start trends.
Frank Capra	I made mistakes in drama. I thought drama was when actors cried. But drama is when the audience cries.
Frank Capra	A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
Frank Capra	My advice to young film-makers is this: don't follow trends, start them!
Frank Capra	Whenever a situation develops to its extreme, it is bound to turn around and become its opposite.
Frank Capra	In our film profession you may have Gable's looks, Tracy's art, Marlene's legs or Liz's violet eyes, but they don't mean a thing without that swinging thing called courage.
Frank Capra	If you want to send a message, try Western Union.
Frank Capra	Scriptwriting is the toughest part of the whole racket... the least understood and the least noticed.
Frank Capra	Compassion is a two way street.
Frank Dane	Time is money, especially when you are talking to a lawyer or buying a commercial.
Frank Dane	A liberal is a man who will give away everything he doesn't own.
Frank Dane	Life is strange. Every so often a good man wins.
Frank Dane	The way to a woman's heart is through your wallet.
Frank Dane	Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
Frank Dane	A conservative is a fellow who thinks a rich man should have a square deal.
Frank Dane	Nothing annoys a woman more than to have company drop in unexpectedly and find the house looking as it usually does.
Frank Dane	Blessed is he who talks in circles, for he shall become a big wheel.
Frank Dane	Rome had Senators too, that's why it declined.
Frank Dane	Some have greatness thrust upon them, but not lately.
Frank Dane	Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow.
Frank Dane	It is not necessary to have enemies if you go out of your way to make friends hate you.
Frank Dane	In polite society one laughs at all the jokes, including the ones one has heard before.
Frank Dane	Preachers denounce sin as if it was available to everyone.
Frank Dane	The news of any politician's death should be listed under 'Public Improvements.'
Frank Darabont	One of my favorite movies of all time is 'It's A Wonderful Life,' which is a pretty interesting choice for a seasonal Christmas favorite, because it's about a guy who wants to commit suicide and is presented with reasons not to.
Frank Darabont	The human race is fundamentally insane. If you put two of us into a room together, we're soon gonna start figuring out good reasons to kill one another.
Frank Darabont	'The Exorcist' is amazing because it recognizes that silences can be as powerful as sound effects.
Frank Darabont	A director shouldn't get in the way of the movie, the story should.
Frank Darabont	I think a story should take as long to tell as it is appropriate to that particular story.
Frank Darabont	I think once you've finished a movie you really have to detach from it so that you can come back and watch it as an audience member.
Frank Darabont	I'd like to think that my films are personal enough to exist without hearkening back to their respective novels.
Frank Darabont	Visual storytelling of one kind or another has been around since cavemen were drawing on the walls.
Frank Darabont	And I don't think I'm giving away any secrets here, but there are a lot of terrible scripts in this town.
Frank Darabont	Boy, I'd hate to shoot on tape or disc or whatever the hell they're talking about. I love film.
Frank Darabont	I am fascinated with times past.
Frank Darabont	I spent 20 years of my career primarily being a writer for hire.
Frank Darabont	Some of us have great original ideas and some of us depend on adaptations.
Frank Darabont	The only person who can, with impunity, make the movie he wants to make, has got to be Steven Spielberg.
Frank Darabont	To me, length is an artificial and arbitrary factor in a film.
Frank Darabont	Stanley Kubrick was a big inspiration. People accuse me of never using my own material. But when did Kubrick? You look at his films and they are completely unique... completely separate entities.
Frank Gaffney	History demonstrates that previous military drawdowns invited aggression by our enemies. After World War I, America drew down forces until the U.S. Army had fewer than 100,000 men in uniform. That weakness invited Nazi aggression in Europe and the imperial Japanese attack at Pearl Harbor.
Frank Gaffney	Unfortunately, the cyber threat to 'the grid' is only one means of eviscerating the soft underbelly of American society. Another which has been getting increasing attention could be delivered via the kind of nuclear-armed ballistic missile that Iran and North Korea have been developing: a strategic electro-magnetic pulse attack.
Frank Gaffney	Too many countries that do not play by the free trade rules of the World Trade Organization - including, notably mercantilist China and monopolist Saudi Arabia - have been allowed in, to the detriment of both the WTO and the liberal trading environment it is supposed to sponsor.
Frank Gaffney	Boone Pickens should be commended for his leadership on American energy security, and for bringing Ted Turner along on some sensible approaches to enhancing it.
Frank Gaffney	After all, from the Muslim Brotherhood's inception in Egypt in 1928, it has been a revolutionary organization committed to the imposition worldwide of a totalitarian, supremacist Islamic doctrine they call shariah.
Frank Gaffney	Most Americans will be horrified that President Obama is compromising our deterrent to chemical and biological attacks on this country. Our allies will also be troubled by his aspiration to eliminate U.S. tactical nuclear weapons in Europe.
Frank Gaffney	It is one of the truisms of politics that a conservative is often enough a former liberal who has been 'mugged by reality.'
Frank Gaffney	The object of China's strategy is inexorably to supplant the United States as the world's premier economic power, and if necessary, to defeat us militarily.
Frank Gaffney	To his lasting credit, President Reagan never wavered. He recognized the strategic importance of staying the course, both in terms of denying Moscow the military hegemony it sought in Western Europe and of restoring the will, cohesiveness, and security of the NATO alliance, so badly frayed during the turbulent 1970s.
Frank Gaffney	After America won the Cold War, some believed we had come to the 'end of history,' and budget-cutters celebrated the so-called 'peace dividend.' As a result, we ignored the toxic mixture of militant Islam and terror that ultimately led to 9/11.
Frank Gaffney	But I really believe it is in America's interest as well as that of the free world more generally to stop Iran from getting its hands on nuclear weapons. This regime has threatened to wipe Israel off the map and bring about a world without America, and either of those is a really bad prospect.
Frank Gaffney	Ever since taking office, the Obama administration has sought to accommodate Islamist demands that freedom of expression be curbed, lest it offend Muslims and stoke violence. For example, in 2009, the administration co-sponsored a United Nations Human Rights Council resolution along those lines.
Frank Gaffney	Having worked for him in the nuclear weapons policy business, I can tell you that President Reagan was committed to assuring the effectiveness of our nuclear deterrent.
Frank Gaffney	If the area were on or near the U.S. continental shelf, such data could well provide an enemy with strategically invaluable insights into undersea access routes that could be used to attack some of the millions of Americans who live on or near our coasts.
Frank Gaffney	The more we are consuming oil that either comes from places that are bent on our destruction or helping those who are... the more we are enabling those who are trying to kill us.
Frank Gaffney	One of the most important post-9/11 efforts made to counter terrorism and the spread of weapons of mass destruction is President Bush's Proliferation Security Initiative (PSI).
Frank Gaffney	The most desirable aspects of the Law of the Sea Treaty pertain to navigational rights.
Frank Gaffney	Sharia is the impetus behind multinational diplomatic efforts to accommodate Sharia blasphemy prohibitions on expression that offends Muslims.
Frank Gaffney	Sharia has become an increasingly significant force in American capitalism, thanks to the embrace by Wall Street and the U.S. government of so-called Sharia-Compliant Finance. Indeed, this country's taxpayers now own the largest purveyor of sharia-compliant insurance products in the world: AIG.
Frank Gaffney	). Dozens of nations have agreed to join in monitoring and, if necessary, intercepting and boarding ships on the high seas in the event they are suspected of engaging in one or both of these threatening activities.
Frank Gaffney	I don't believe there is such a thing as a moderate Islamist party. The challenge with Islamists is that they seek to impose what they call Sharia on everybody, Muslim and non-Muslim alike.
Frank Gaffney	Since the presidency of Ronald Reagan, conservatives have succeeded by adhering to a platform that rests firmly on three legs: smaller government, faith and family, and a strong national defense. These three legs do not merely represent a political coalition; they are three necessary components of a strong and secure America.
Frank Gaffney	The United Nations has long sought the ability to raise revenues in this manner as a means of reducing its reliance on American and other member nations' dues to sustain the UN's operations.
Frank Gaffney	Unbeknownst to most American investors, significant portions of their public pension, mutual fund, life insurance and private portfolios are comprised of stocks of privately held companies that partner with state sponsors of terror.
Frank Hague	You hear about constitutional rights, free speech and the free press. Every time I hear these words I say to myself, 'That man is a Red, that man is a Communist!' You never hear a real American talk like that.
Frank Hague	As long as I am mayor of this city the great industries are secure.
Frank Iero	Anytime you put yourself in a creative box, it's going to stifle you; it's not conducive to the writing or recording process.
Frank Iero	The best music happens when you have a personal connection to it. That same philosophy can extend to the instrument you hold in your hands: if a guitar means something special, you're bound to do great things with it.
Frank Iero	The relationship between 'My Chemical Romance' and Michael Pedicone is over. He was caught red-handed stealing from the band and confessed to police after our show last night in Auburn, Washington. We are heartbroken and sick to our stomachs over this entire situation.
Frank Iero	If you don't listen, you're never gonna learn.
Frank Iero	These days, all we hear about is that the industry is in trouble. Everybody is so scared, but our mission statement is having no fear.
Frank Iero	I have no want or desire to solo. I'd rather create melodies and accompanying parts.
Frank Iero	When you break it all down, my punk rock is my dad's blues. It's music from the underground, and it's real, and it's written for the downtrodden in uncertain times.
Frank Iero	My first show was when I was a high school freshman, but it was at the junior class dance. My older friend and bandmate booked it.
Frank Iero	People don't always realize that a record is forever. It'll always be there under your name. You've got to be certain that it's right.
Frank Iero	I love players like Thurston Moore. I mean, you can put notes down on a sheet of paper, and if you practice and get your chops up, you can play like an Eddie Van Halen or a Steve Vai. But nobody can do what Thurston Moore does; he's his own guy. He talks through his instrument in a language that's all his own.
Frank Iero	I also remember the second band I was in ever. We were called Hybrid. We got a show at this local street fair, and we were playing on the back of a flatbed truck. There was an ad in the paper, and it said that 'Hybird' is playing. I was so mad.
Frank Iero	Publishing the lyric books, poetry or comics of other musicians I know. That's the thing I really want to break into!
Frank Iero	About six years ago my family was affected by multiple sclerosis.
Frank Iero	We've always wanted to do it, something you could dance to, and deep down we always thought we could bring something to the table if we could do it, but the live shows always made us pull back and be a rock band.
Frank James	We sometime didn't get enough to buy oats for our horses. Most banks had very little money in them.
Frank James	I have been hunted for twenty-one years. I have literally lived in the saddle. I have never known a day of perfect peace.
Frank James	I was tired of an outlaw's life.
Frank James	It was one long, anxious, inexorable, eternal vigil.
Frank James	When I slept it was literally in the midst of an arsenal. If I heard dogs bark more fiercely than usual, or the feet of horses in a greater volume of sound than usual, I stood to arms.
Frank Lloyd Wright	The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Every great architect is - necessarily - a great poet. He must be a great original interpreter of his time, his day, his age.
Frank Lloyd Wright	The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Form follows function - that has been misunderstood. Form and function should be one, joined in a spiritual union.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility. I chose the former and have seen no reason to change.
Frank Lloyd Wright	No house should ever be on a hill or on anything. It should be of the hill. Belonging to it. Hill and house should live together each the happier for the other.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Freedom is from within.
Frank Lloyd Wright	A great architect is not made by way of a brain nearly so much as he is made by way of a cultivated, enriched heart.
Frank Lloyd Wright	A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Frank Lloyd Wright	I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Nature is my manifestation of God. I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day's work. I follow in building the principles which nature has used in its domain.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Get the habit of analysis - analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind.
Frank Lloyd Wright	TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Frank Lloyd Wright	The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope.
Frank Lloyd Wright	There is nothing more uncommon than common sense.
Frank Lloyd Wright	The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright	'Think simple' as my old master used to say - meaning reduce the whole of its parts into the simplest terms, getting back to first principles.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Less is only more where more is no good.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Organic buildings are the strength and lightness of the spiders' spinning, buildings qualified by light, bred by native character to environment, married to the ground.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Life always rides in strength to victory, not through internationalism... but only through the direct responsibility of the individual.
Frank Lloyd Wright	Give me the luxuries of life and I will willingly do without the necessities.
Frank Sinatra	The best revenge is massive success.
Frank Sinatra	Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
Frank Sinatra	I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
Frank Sinatra	I like intelligent women. When you go out, it shouldn't be a staring contest.
Frank Sinatra	Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
Frank Sinatra	I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women; I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.
Frank Sinatra	I'm not one of those complicated, mixed-up cats. I'm not looking for the secret to life... I just go on from day to day, taking what comes.
Frank Sinatra	People often remark that I'm pretty lucky. Luck is only important in so far as getting the chance to sell yourself at the right moment. After that, you've got to have talent and know how to use it.
Frank Sinatra	You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
Frank Sinatra	May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
Frank Sinatra	I'm gonna live till I die.
Frank Sinatra	I'm for whatever gets you through the night.
Frank Sinatra	Dare to wear the foolish clown face.
Frank Sinatra	Basically, I'm for anything that gets you through the night - be it prayer, tranquilizers or a bottle of Jack Daniels.
Frank Sinatra	Oh, I just wish someone would try to hurt you so I could kill them for you.
Frank Sinatra	Rock 'n Roll: The most brutal, ugly, desperate, vicious form of expression it has been my misfortune to hear.
Frank Sinatra	You treat a lady like a dame, and a dame like a lady.
Frank Sinatra	Hell hath no fury like a hustler with a literary agent.
Frank Sinatra	I am a thing of beauty.
Frank Sinatra	The martial music of every sideburned delinquent on the face of the earth.
Frank Sinatra	Throughout my career, if I have done anything, I have paid attention to every note and every word I sing - if I respect the song. If I cannot project this to a listener, I fail.
Frank Sinatra	Don't get even, get mad.
Frank Sinatra	Whatever else has been said about me personally is unimportant. When I sing, I believe. I'm honest.
Frank Zappa	You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline. It helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a beer.
Frank Zappa	Some scientists claim that hydrogen, because it is so plentiful, is the basic building block of the universe. I dispute that. I say there is more stupidity than hydrogen, and that is the basic building block of the universe.
Frank Zappa	If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
Frank Zappa	One of my favorite philosophical tenets is that people will agree with you only if they already agree with you. You do not change people's minds.
Frank Zappa	Without deviation progress is not possible.
Frank Zappa	There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.
Frank Zappa	Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
Frank Zappa	All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.
Frank Zappa	Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.
Frank Zappa	There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
Frank Zappa	Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something.
Frank Zappa	The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
Frank Zappa	It isn't necessary to imagine the world ending in fire or ice. There are two other possibilities: one is paperwork, and the other is nostalgia.
Frank Zappa	Most rock journalism is people who can't write, interviewing people who can't talk, for people who can't read.
Frank Zappa	Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Frank Zappa	Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
Frank Zappa	I searched for years I found no love. I'm sure that love will never be a product of plasticity.
Frank Zappa	A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
Frank Zappa	You can't always write a chord ugly enough to say what you want to say, so sometimes you have to rely on a giraffe filled with whipped cream.
Frank Zappa	Everybody believes in something and everybody, by virtue of the fact that they believe in something, uses that something to support their own existence.
Frank Zappa	The United States is a nation of laws: badly written and randomly enforced.
Frank Zappa	I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird.
Frank Zappa	No change in musical style will survive unless it is accompanied by a change in clothing style. Rock is to dress up to.
Frank Zappa	Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
Frank Zappa	Music is always a commentary on society.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	We have always held to the hope, the belief, the conviction that there is a better life, a better world, beyond the horizon.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Confidence... thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan. We will gain the inevitable triumph, so help us God.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself. Forests are the lungs of our land, purifying the air and giving fresh strength to our people.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships - the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Competition has been shown to be useful up to a certain point and no further, but cooperation, which is the thing we must strive for today, begins where competition leaves off.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	Nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves and the only way they could do this is by not voting.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	More than an end to war, we want an end to the beginning of all wars - yes, an end to this brutal, inhuman and thoroughly impractical method of settling the differences between governments.
Franklin D. Roosevelt	To reach a port, we must sail - sail, not tie at anchor - sail, not drift.
Franklin P. Jones	Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Franklin P. Jones	You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Franklin P. Jones	Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Franklin P. Jones	Sex is a two-way treat.
Franklin P. Jones	A fanatic is one who sticks to his guns whether they're loaded or not.
Franklin P. Jones	It's a strange world of language in which skating on thin ice can get you into hot water.
Franklin P. Jones	You never realize what a good memory you have until you try to forget something.
Franklin P. Jones	All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.
Franklin P. Jones	Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Franklin P. Jones	Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there.
Franklin P. Jones	Children are unpredictable. You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
Franklin P. Jones	What makes resisting temptation difficult for many people is they don't want to discourage it completely.
Franklin P. Jones	Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job.
Franklin P. Jones	Anybody who thinks talk is cheap should get some legal advice.
Franklin P. Jones	When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
Franklin P. Jones	Originality is the art of concealing your source.
Franklin P. Jones	Honest criticism is hard to take, particularly from a relative, a friend, an acquaintance or a stranger.
Franklin P. Jones	One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
Franklin P. Jones	Nothing makes it easier to resist temptation than a proper bringing-up, a sound set of values - and witnesses.
Franklin P. Jones	You're an old-timer if you can remember when setting the world on fire was a figure of speech.
Franklin P. Jones	The British have a remarkable talent for keeping calm, even when there is no crisis.
Franklin P. Jones	The easiest way to solve a problem is to pick an easy one.
Franklin P. Jones	The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
Franklin P. Jones	One trouble with developing speed reading skills is that by the time you realize a book is boring you've already finished it.
Franklin P. Jones	It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon; which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Nothing is more responsible for the good old days than a bad memory.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Christmas is over and Business is Business.
Franklin Pierce Adams	You do not know what you can miss before you try.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Elections are won by men and women chiefly because most people vote against somebody rather than for somebody.
Franklin Pierce Adams	The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Too much truth is uncouth.
Franklin Pierce Adams	What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
Franklin Pierce Adams	I find that a great part of the information I have was acquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Middle age occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.
Franklin Pierce Adams	The true republic: men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less.
Franklin Pierce Adams	We have nothing in our history or position to invite aggression; we have everything to beckon us to the cultivation of relations of peace and amity with all nations.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Years ago we discovered the exact point, the dead center of middle age. It occurs when you are too young to take up golf and too old to rush up to the net.
Franklin Pierce Adams	Having imagination it takes you an hour to write a paragraph that if you were unimaginative would take you only a minute.
Franklin Pierce Adams	There are plenty of good five cent cigars in the country. The trouble is they cost a quarter.
Franklin Pierce Adams	There must be a day or two in a man's life when he is the precise age for something important.
Frantz Fanon	However painful it may be for me to accept this conclusion, I am obliged to state it: for the black man there is only one destiny. And it is white.
Frantz Fanon	He who is reluctant to recognize me opposes me.
Frantz Fanon	I ascribe a basic importance to the phenomenon of language. To speak means to be in a position to use a certain syntax, to grasp the morphology of this or that language, but it means above all to assume a culture, to support the weight of a civilization.
Frantz Fanon	There is a point at which methods devour themselves.
Frantz Fanon	Fervor is the weapon of choice of the impotent.
Frantz Fanon	For the black man there is only one destiny. And it is white.
Frantz Fanon	Violence is man re-creating himself.
Franz Halder	The left-wing, which consists of armoured and motorized forces and has no enemy in front of it, will be stopped dead in its tracks upon direct order from the Fuhrer.
Franz Halder	The reason is that a military defeat of Britain will bring about the disintegration of the British Empire. This would not be of any benefit to Germany.
Franz Halder	The finishing off of the encircled enemy army is to be left to the Luftwaffe.
Franz Kafka	So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.
Franz Kafka	Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Franz Kafka	My peers, lately, have found companionship through means of intoxication - it makes them sociable. I, however, cannot force myself to use drugs to cheat on my loneliness - it is all that I have - and when the drugs and alcohol dissipate, will be all that my peers have as well.
Franz Kafka	You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.
Franz Kafka	Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before.
Franz Kafka	A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
Franz Kafka	My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
Franz Kafka	The Bible is a sanctum; the world, sputum.
Franz Kafka	I have the true feeling of myself only when I am unbearably unhappy.
Franz Kafka	By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired.
Franz Kafka	A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
Franz Kafka	Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
Franz Kafka	Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
Franz Kafka	Self-control means wanting to be effective at some random point in the infinite radiations of my spiritual existence.
Franz Kafka	He who seeks does not find, but he who does not seek will be found.
Franz Kafka	Suffering is the positive element in this world, indeed it is the only link between this world and the positive.
Franz Kafka	It is often safer to be in chains than to be free.
Franz Kafka	The relationship to one's fellow man is the relationship of prayer, the relationship to oneself is the relationship of striving; it is from prayer that one draws the strength for one's striving.
Franz Kafka	How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with, say, my knowledge of my room. There is no such thing as observation of the inner world, as there is of the outer world.
Franz Kafka	Writers speak stench.
Franz Kafka	From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
Franz Kafka	The mediation by the serpent was necessary. Evil can seduce man, but cannot become man.
Franz Kafka	One advantage in keeping a diary is that you become aware with reassuring clarity of the changes which you constantly suffer.
Franz Kafka	May I kiss you then? On this miserable paper? I might as well open the window and kiss the night air.
Franz Kafka	One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
Fred Hammond	No weapon formed against me shall prosper.
Fred Hampton	We're going to fight racism not with racism, but we're going to fight with solidarity. We say we're not going to fight capitalism with black capitalism, but we're going to fight it with socialism.
Fred Hampton	Let me just say: Peace to you, if you're willing to fight for it.
Fred Hampton	You can kill a revolutionary but you can never kill the revolution.
Fred Hampton	I am the people, I'm not the pig. You got to make a distinction. And the people are going to have to attack the pigs. The people are going to have to stand up against the pigs. That's what the Panthers is doing, that's what the Panthers are doing all over the world.
Fred Hampton	Yes, we do defend our office as we do defend our homes. This is a constitutional right everybody has, and nothing's funny about that. The only reason they get mad at the Black Panther Party when you do it is for the simple reason that we're political.
Fred Hampton	I believe I'm going to die doing the things I was born to do. I believe I'm going to die high off the people. I believe I'm going to die a revolutionary in the international revolutionary proletarian struggle.
Fred Hampton	A lot of people don't understand the Black Panthers Party's relationship with white mother country radicals.
Freda Adler	That man is a creature who needs order yet yearns for change is the creative contradiction at the heart of the laws which structure his conformity and define his deviancy.
Freda Adler	Rape is the only crime in which the victim becomes the accused.
Freda Adler	There is another side to chivalry. If it dispenses leniency, it may with equal justification invoke control.
Freda Adler	Stripped of ethical rationalizations and philosophical pretensions, a crime is anything that a group in power chooses to prohibit.
Freda Adler	Woman throughout the ages has been mistress to the law, as man has been its master.
Freda Adler	Major social movements eventually fade into the landscape not because they have diminished but because they have become a permanent part of our perceptions and experience.
Freda Adler	The type of fig leaf which each culture employs to cover its social taboos offers a twofold description of its morality. It reveals that certain unacknowledged behavior exists and it suggests the form that such behavior takes.
Freda Adler	The Rubicons which women must cross, the sex barriers which they must breach, are ultimately those that exist in their own minds.
Freda Adler	The passionate controversies of one era are viewed as sterile preoccupations by another, for knowledge alters what we seek as well as what we find.
Freddy Adu	I think everything happens for a reason and all the things that happened to me - good, bad - I'm glad they did. It's made me ready for life, for adulthood.
Freddy Adu	All I can say is, hey, if you have fun doing what you do, if you have fun playing soccer, the creativity is just going to come as time goes on.
Freddy Adu	My mom was always the supplier of soccer balls, and so people were always knocking on my door, and trying to get me out so we could play.
Freddy Adu	When you play soccer, most of the time you got to get the ball moving, but once you get into that attacking third you gotta' be creative, you gotta' let your talent take over.
Freddy Adu	You can teach all the other stuff, you know. You can teach shooting the ball, you can teach having a good touch... passing and whatnot, but when you get out there on the field, it's just a mindset you need to go into the game with.
Freddy Adu	Obviously, everybody has their own expectations of you, but you have to have your own expectations for yourself. For me, I'm right on track.
Freddy Adu	What do I have to cheat for? I've always been playing against people older than me anyways. So what do I have to cheat for?
Freddy Adu	I couldn't ask for a better life.
Freddy Adu	A lot of people have been hyped up to be great but just disappeared. I promised myself I wouldn't be one of them.
Freddy Adu	You can't do anything to help your team win when you don't play.
Freddy Adu	I just want to go in with the right attitude and from Day 1 make a difference.
Freddy Adu	I mean, I couldn't ask for a better life, man.
Freddy Adu	I'm going to go in and play, because the most important thing is playing on the field and being able to contribute. I really am ready.
Freddy Adu	When I'm out there on the field, I'm in a whole different world, you know? It's like, I'm just having so much fun.
Freddy Adu	When you get into the game you've got be thinking, when I get into the attacking third I'm gonna be freakin' creative.
Freddy Adu	I've always been one of the youngest guys on the team. But now I'm one of the older guys, one of the more experienced guys, and I have to be more of a leader. The guys are looking up to me, asking me questions and looking at me to step up.
Freddy Adu	I don't want to be one of those guys where I go there and wait a long time before I become a starter.
Freddy Adu	I honestly didn't expect this much attention, but it just keeps happening so I must be doing something right.
Freddy Adu	I need to go play football. I don't care about anything else.
Freddy Adu	I play a lot of Playstation, and always trying to look pretty for the girls.
Freddy Adu	It's one of the best leagues in Europe in football. Benfica in my opinion is one of the top 10 biggest clubs in the world.
Freddy Adu	Nothing has been given to me.
Freddy Adu	I don't know French at all. I took some lessons when I was younger but all I know are the numbers. I've been told basically everyone in Monaco speaks English because of it being a huge vacation spot so I'm excited about that. I might not need to learn French after all.
Freddy Adu	I need to be in a stable environment right now in my career. What I mean by that is a place where I can play and not have too much pressure on me and a place I can develop. Monaco wanted me and did whatever they could to get me so I feel very very good about that.
Freddy Adu	I wanted to get us a place of our own with a little bit more space. The kitchen is just huge, because my mom... lives there, man, and she loves being in the kitchen.
Freddy Fender	I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.
Freddy Fender	Whenever I run into prejudice. I smile and feel sorry for them, and I say to myself, There's one more argument for birth control.
Freddy Fender	Wasted Days and Wasted Nights, it's about days very wrongly invested in a love affair.
Freddy Fender	Hopefully I'll be the first Mexican-American going into Hillbilly Heaven.
Freddy Fender	In my mind and in my heart, I feel okay. I cannot complain that I haven't lived long enough, but I'd like to live longer.
Freddy Fender	They wanted to start recording rock 'n roll, and thought I had the right voice.
Freddy Fender	I was dreaming I was on the Sullivan Show.
Freddy Fender	My sister and I were born in San Francisco. When our parents died, we came down here to live with relatives.
Freddy Fender	I was separated from my wife at the time. A lot of people think I wrote it about prison.
Freddy Fender	I'm one year away from 70 and I've had a good run. I really believe I'm okay.
Frederic William Farrar	There is only one real failure in life that is possible, and that is, not to be true to the best one knows.
Frederic William Farrar	Man's liberty ends, and it ought to end, when that liberty becomes the curse of its neighbors.
Frederic William Farrar	If ever I want to amuse myself with an idiot, I have not far to look for one. I laugh at myself.
Frederic William Farrar	But in the life of every man there are influences of a far more real and penetrating character than those which come through the medium of schools or teachers.
Frederic William Farrar	There was living in the palace at this time a brother of the great Germanicus, and consequently an uncle of the late emperor, whose name was Claudius Caesar.
Frederic William Farrar	Whether the prayer of Seneca was granted we do not know; but, as we do not again hear of Marcus, it is probable that he died before his father, and that the line of Seneca, like that of so many great men, became extinct in the second generation.
Frederic William Farrar	No man can pass into eternity, for he is already in it.
Frederic William Farrar	Seneca brings vividly before us a picture of the various scholars assembled in a school of the philosophers.
Frederic William Farrar	For although Claudius had been accused of gambling and drunkenness, not only were no worse sins laid to his charge, but he had successfully established some claim to being considered a learned man.
Frederic William Farrar	The decision of such judges as Claudius and his Senate is worth very little in the question of a man's innocence or guilt; but the sentence was that Seneca should be banished to the island of Corsica.
Frederick Douglass	If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Frederick Douglass	Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
Frederick Douglass	It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.
Frederick Douglass	The soul that is within me no man can degrade.
Frederick Douglass	Without a struggle, there can be no progress.
Frederick Douglass	No man can put a chain about the ankle of his fellow man without at last finding the other end fastened about his own neck.
Frederick Douglass	It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
Frederick Douglass	People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get.
Frederick Douglass	The thing worse than rebellion is the thing that causes rebellion.
Frederick Douglass	To suppress free speech is a double wrong. It violates the rights of the hearer as well as those of the speaker.
Frederick Douglass	The white man's happiness cannot be purchased by the black man's misery.
Frederick Douglass	A battle lost or won is easily described, understood, and appreciated, but the moral growth of a great nation requires reflection, as well as observation, to appreciate it.
Frederick Douglass	I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress.
Frederick Douglass	Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet depreciate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
Frederick Douglass	A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people.
Frederick Douglass	I didn't know I was a slave until I found out I couldn't do the things I wanted.
Frederick Douglass	Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
Frederick Douglass	A gentleman will not insult me, and no man not a gentleman can insult me.
Frederick Douglass	One and God make a majority.
Frederick Douglass	America is false to the past, false to the present, and solemnly binds herself to be false to the future.
Frederick Douglass	I could, as a free man, look across the bay toward the Eastern Shore where I was born a slave.
Frederick Douglass	We have to do with the past only as we can make it useful to the present and the future.
Frederick Douglass	Man's greatness consists in his ability to do and the proper application of his powers to things needed to be done.
Frederick Douglass	The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppose.
Frederick Douglass	I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Frederick William Faber	They always win who side with God.
Frederick William Faber	Every moment of resistance to temptation is a victory.
Frederick William Faber	Kind words are the music of the world. They have a power which seems to be beyond natural causes, as if they were some angel's song, which had lost its way and come on Earth, and sang on undyingly, smiting the hearts of men with sweetest wounds, and putting for the while an angel's nature into us.
Frederick William Faber	Many a friendship, long, loyal, and self-sacrificing, rested at first on no thicker a foundation than a kind word.
Frederick William Faber	Kindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence, or learning.
Frederick William Faber	Kind thoughts are rarer than either kind words or deeds. They imply a great deal of thinking about others. This in itself is rare. But they also imply a great deal of thinking about others without the thoughts being criticisms. This is rarer still.
Frederick William Faber	Kind words produce happiness. How often have we ourselves been made happy by kind words, in a manner and to an extent which we are unable to explain!
Frederick William Faber	Happiness is a great power of holiness. Thus, kind words, by their power of producing happiness, have also a power of producing holiness, and so of winning men to God.
Frederick William Faber	It has always seemed to me that a love of natural objects, and the depth, as well as exuberance and refinement of mind, produced by an intelligent delight in scenery, are elements of the first importance in the education of the young.
Frederick William Faber	The buried talent is the sunken rock on which most lives strike and founder.
Frederick William Faber	If I may use such a word when I am speaking of religious subjects, it is by voice and words that men 'mesmerize' each other. Hence it is that the world is converted by the voice of the preacher.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	I hope that my family will continue in another thousand years.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	My role as king will be much like my mum's as queen, so long as I remain in tune with the people.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	Greenland is a wonderful country.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	Historically, royal families have represented an institution. The institution is built on heritage, and is timeless in that sense.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	I am just an apprentice.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	My mum had me brought up by nannies and governesses. I didn't have much to do with my parents until I was 21.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	I don't have to make my own bed.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	Father of four. I like the sound of that.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	Going to the Arctic was immense for me.
Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark	I would just like to have children. Lots of children.
Fredrik Bajer	Indeed, whenever a new idea is developed, as for example ballooning, warfare immediately takes possession.
Fredrik Bajer	By a great man, however, we mean a man who, because of his spiritual gifts, his character, and other qualities, deserves to be called great and who as a result earns the power to influence others.
Fredrik Bajer	There is one criticism which cannot be leveled at interparliamentary conferences but which is applicable to a great extent to peace congresses: the meetings waste time.
Fredrik Bajer	To read the report of a discussion in which arguments for and against are presented, in which a subject has been covered from different points of view, with new ideas advanced - this is far more instructive than to read a brief account of the resolution passed on the matter.
Fredrik Bajer	Naturally, business and pleasure can be readily combined, but a certain balance should exist, and the latter should not predominate over the former.
Fredrik Bajer	On the other hand, the waging of peace as a science, as an art, is in its infancy. But we can trace its growth, its steady progress, and the time will come when there will be particular individuals designated to assume responsibility for and leadership of this movement.
Fredrik Bajer	Peace congresses often start by dealing with some of the less important questions in excessive detail, so at the end there is no time to discuss the most important problems.
Fredrik Bajer	There are many members of parliament present here who know as well as I do that, if a man has not already been converted, it will require a great deal more than a letter of appeal to achieve conversion.
Fredrik Bajer	As a result of my study, I came to the conclusion that a common supreme authority was undesirable.
Fredrik Bajer	I would rather propose a bureau somewhat similar to that which we have in the Universal Postal Union.
Fredrik Bajer	There are in most states one or two ministers of war, one of whom is the minister of naval affairs.
Fredrik Bajer	Waging war we understand, but not waging peace, or at any rate less consciously so.
Fredrik Bajer	Warfare has been marvelously developed. It will soon be impossible to raise it to further heights.
Fredrik Bajer	We have long possessed the art of war and the science of war, which have been evolved in the minutest detail.
Fredrik Bajer	Today's date, the eighteenth of May, should sometime become an occasion of great international celebration, for on this day ten years ago the first Peace Conference opened at The Hague.
Fredrik Bajer	A sign that a peace association is going adrift is its exclusion of other political parties, with whom it could collaborate effectively on most of the problems besetting the cause of peace.
Fredrik Bajer	But I feel convinced, and I venture even to prophesy in this regard, that the time will come when there will also be a minister of peace in the cabinet, seated beside the ministers of war.
Fredrik Bajer	I would have thought it possible to choose delegates for these larger conferences who, even if they could not speak the principal languages, could at least understand them or could have friends seated beside them who could keep them informed on essential points.
Fredrik Bajer	Indeed; peace literature is almost exclusively read, though to good effect, by pacifists, while what is needed is the canvassing of those who have not so far been won to the cause.
Fredrik Bajer	It has since been agreed that speeches given in English will be translated into French and vice versa, and even into German and Italian when necessary. No doubt translations into Esperanto will also soon be in demand.
Fredrik Bajer	Nevertheless, this type of propaganda has a special value, for it serves to convince those who sign the appeal, of the necessity for carrying on propaganda; so a corps of propagandists, if I may use the term, is thus trained.
Fredrik Bajer	The aspect of congresses and such meetings generally to which I attach the greatest importance is the discussion. That is why people assemble: to hear different opinions, rather than to pass resolutions.
Fredrik Bajer	The interparliamentary conference should, in my opinion, direct its particular attention to the preparation of the next Hague Conference, the diplomatic conference, the conference of governments.
Fredrik Bajer	The last Hague Conference has in the meantime expressed its opinion that a body should be established which could prepare for the work involved more effectively than has hitherto proved possible.
Fredrik Bajer	There are those who believe we have need of more literature, of a large international publishing house, of a great peace newspaper, or the like. I am rather skeptical about this idea.
Freema Agyeman	I swing between procrastination and being really thorough so either way things aren't getting done quickly.
Freema Agyeman	I'm one of these people that if I have a nice holiday - like I have had in Turkey repeatedly - I go back a lot.
Freema Agyeman	The way sci-fi works, you can never die.
Freema Agyeman	I couldn't sustain myself if I skimped on food - I work 16-hour days, I need the energy, I can't afford to be stingy on what I eat.
Freema Agyeman	I always have to have breakfast before I leave the house, even if it's 4 A.M. and I'm not hungry.
Freema Agyeman	I constantly make lists and itineraries and then can't stick to any of them.
Freema Agyeman	I love hotels for their solitude and comfort, but I believe a seedy one can have as much promise as a plush one.
Freema Agyeman	I used to be absolutely addicted to the gym and I do still love it.
Freema Agyeman	My own style is one of not much effort.
Freema Agyeman	I went to a very academic school that actually - when I got to the point of wanting to pursue acting, they just had no idea how to do that, because all of their contacts were very academic.
Freema Agyeman	I'm terrified of bugs and I travel with sprays, lotions, potions; the lot. I have to check the room before I go to sleep and if I come across a bug and fail to remove it I have to sleep in a separate room as I'm paranoid that I'll be taken advantage of as I sleep.
Freema Agyeman	I was very much into science when I was young - I wanted to be a marine biologist, then I wanted to be a doctor, and then something else, I was always changing.
Freema Agyeman	I'm fully aware that 'Doctor Who' will always, always be part of my life, and that's not something I would run away from in the slightest. I wear it with pride, definitely.
Freema Agyeman	Being short works for me.
Freema Agyeman	I appreciate individualism.
Freema Agyeman	I don't have an iPod! It's never appealed to me, really.
Freema Agyeman	I know it's really square but I'm one of those people who piles on the factor 50 as soon as I'm outside.
Freema Agyeman	I only unwind at facials and massages.
Freema Agyeman	I'm not very glamorous.
Freema Agyeman	I've had journalists beg me to please say something negative about my estate.
Friedrich Ebert	Freedom and Justice are twin sisters.
Friedrich Ebert	Thus we have at least a national song that unites all Germans, and is the symbol of our sixty-million nation.
Friedrich Ebert	Without democracy there is no freedom. Violence, no matter who is using it, is always reactionary.
Friedrich Nietzsche	We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
Friedrich Nietzsche	The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Without music, life would be a mistake.
Friedrich Nietzsche	It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Friedrich Nietzsche	The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.
Friedrich Nietzsche	That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Friedrich Nietzsche	On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow.
Friedrich Nietzsche	When marrying, ask yourself this question: Do you believe that you will be able to converse well with this person into your old age? Everything else in marriage is transitory.
Friedrich Nietzsche	To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
Friedrich Nietzsche	When you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
Friedrich Nietzsche	He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying.
Friedrich Nietzsche	Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man.
Friedrich Nietzsche	You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
Friedrich Nietzsche	All things are subject to interpretation whichever interpretation prevails at a given time is a function of power and not truth.
Friedrich Nietzsche	There are horrible people who, instead of solving a problem, tangle it up and make it harder to solve for anyone who wants to deal with it. Whoever does not know how to hit the nail on the head should be asked not to hit it at all.
Friedrich Nietzsche	He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Friedrich Nietzsche	A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
Friedrich Nietzsche	The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
Friedrich Nietzsche	One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
Friedrich Nietzsche	In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
Friedrich Nietzsche	It is impossible to suffer without making someone pay for it; every complaint already contains revenge.
Friedrich Nietzsche	There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has never yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
Fritz Haber	The Swedish Academy of Sciences has seen fit, by awarding the Nobel Prize, to honour the method of producing ammonia from nitrogen and hydrogen.
Fritz Haber	Agricultural husbandry essentially maintains the balance of bound nitrogen.
Fritz Haber	Gaseous nitrogen combines with gaseous hydrogen in simple quantitative proportions to produce gaseous ammonia.
Fritz Haber	Under natural conditions, the soil does not lose its fixed nitrogen.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	We sometimes encounter people, even perfect strangers, who begin to interest us at first sight, somehow suddenly, all at once, before a word has been spoken.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Much unhappiness has come into the world because of bewilderment and things left unsaid.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	The greatest happiness is to know the source of unhappiness.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	There is no subject so old that something new cannot be said about it.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	There are things which a man is afraid to tell even to himself, and every decent man has a number of such things stored away in his mind.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	If you were to destroy the belief in immortality in mankind, not only love but every living force on which the continuation of all life in the world depended, would dry up at once.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Sarcasm: the last refuge of modest and chaste-souled people when the privacy of their soul is coarsely and intrusively invaded.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	To live without Hope is to Cease to live.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	One can know a man from his laugh, and if you like a man's laugh before you know anything of him, you may confidently say that he is a good man.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	A real gentleman, even if he loses everything he owns, must show no emotion. Money must be so far beneath a gentleman that it is hardly worth troubling about.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	If there is no God, everything is permitted.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	The formula 'Two and two make five' is not without its attractions.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys. If he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Man only likes to count his troubles, but he does not count his joys.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Man, so long as he remains free, has no more constant and agonizing anxiety than find as quickly as possible someone to worship.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	It seems, in fact, as though the second half of a man's life is made up of nothing, but the habits he has accumulated during the first half.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Men do not accept their prophets and slay them, but they love their martyrs and worship those whom they have tortured to death.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	The soul is healed by being with children.
Fyodor Dostoevsky	Realists do not fear the results of their study.
G. Stanley Hall	Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born.
G. Stanley Hall	Man is largely a creature of habit, and many of his activities are more or less automatic reflexes from the stimuli of his environment.
G. Stanley Hall	Being an only child is a disease in itself.
G. Stanley Hall	Muscles are in a most intimate and peculiar sense the organs of the will.
G. Stanley Hall	Abundance and vigor of automatic movements are desirable, and even a considerable degree of restlessness is a good sign in young children.
G. Stanley Hall	Adolescence as the time when an individual 'recapitulates' the savage stage of the race's past.
G. Stanley Hall	Of all work-schools, a good farm is probably the best for motor development.
G. Stanley Hall	The years from about eight to twelve constitute a unique period of human life.
G. Stanley Hall	Puberty for a girl is like floating down a broadening river into an open sea.
G. Stanley Hall	The man of the future may, and even must, do things impossible in the past and acquire new motor variations not given by heredity.
G. Stanley Hall	Civilization is so hard on the body that some have called it a disease, despite the arts that keep puny bodies alive to a greater average age, and our greater protection from contagious and germ diseases.
G. Stanley Hall	Every theory of love, from Plato down, teaches that each individual loves in the other sex what he lacks in himself.
G. W. Bailey	Unless you're a big movie star, regular television work is going to bring you more exposure than anything. Everybody has a television; not everybody goes to the movies.
G. W. Bailey	I'm from Port Arthur, Texas! Little guy! Little character guy from one of the saddest oil-refinery towns in America. And here I was driving over to Beverly Hills, to 20th Century Fox, to be on 'M*A*S*H!'
G. W. Bailey	I don't belong to any country clubs. I don't have this big circle of friends. Where I make my friends is where I work.
G. W. Bailey	Do I enjoy features? Yeah, I really do. Would I like to do some more features before I head to the barn? Yeah, probably. But I also love television. I love doing television because it's fast, and that I like a lot.
Gabriel Iglesias	I started riding the whole 'fluffy' train, and it's a cute word and socially a lot more acceptable than someone saying is fat or obese. If you call a girl 'fat,' yo, she'll raise hell, but if you say, 'Aw girl, look at you, you're fluffy,' there's almost a sexy appeal to it.
Gabriel Iglesias	I found that laughter was a form of acceptance, and I really enjoyed that and I just - I crave it.
Gabriel Iglesias	I usually travel with a posse. I roll deep. I travel like a rapper, but without the artillery. We don't carry guns, we carry cookies.
Gabriel Iglesias	You gotta live life before you can talk about it. Sometimes when things don't work out in life, they work out on stage.
Gabriel Iglesias	I learned early on, stay away from politics, stay away from religion and don't talk about sports. Those three right there will get you in trouble.
Gabriel Iglesias	I'm all about showing people that I'm a little messed up, I have a lot of the same problems you have. By exposing myself and putting myself out there, people can relate to me and my act won't grow stale. I mean, nobody wants to hear a comedian say, 'Life is great.'
Gabriel Iglesias	Connecting with people is not hard. I love the interaction and the feedback after shows. It does take some time, but the fans appreciate it which makes it worth it.
Gabriel Iglesias	Being on TV sucks. It's a lot of work. You memorize scripts and then you show up and they change everything. I'm a control freak. When I'm doing stand-up, I say what I want and then I get instant feedback.
Gabriel Iglesias	I'm a comedian who happens to be Latino. What's the difference? The difference is, my special will air on Comedy Central, not Telemundo.
Gabriel Iglesias	I never go perform somewhere alone. I've done that since day one. I've always taken other comics with me.
Gabriel Iglesias	I wanted to be a comedian, and this is what I'm doing. If I can keep this going, I'm happy.
Gabriel Iglesias	Some comics don't like it when people talk during the set, and it does get a little bit annoying after awhile, but I basically let people dictate what jokes I'm going to do.
Gabriel Iglesias	Believe it or not, I've got a really bad metabolism. One burger and I'm done. I'm not a guy that puts away 10 burgers.
Gabriel Iglesias	I'm always very happy to talk to people. I relate to people, and the guy on stage is very much the guy that's off stage. People know when it's fake.
Gabriel Iglesias	You wonder why I only talk about my personal life. But that's all I've ever done.
Gabriel Iglesias	I don't get controversial, I don't get political and I don't tell you what to do with your life. I just go out there and tell some stories, and people can relate.
Gabriel Iglesias	I don't have to worry about writing jokes. I just tell stories about things that have happened to me. As long as I'm alive and I'm living and I'm experiencing different things every day, the show will always change.
Gabriel Iglesias	I get a lot of influence from pro wrestling. People are like, 'Oh, it's fake.' But it's not about whether the guy wins or loses, it's about how he entertains you the whole time you're watching.
Gabriel Iglesias	I just know you can not be on top forever. There's always going to be the next guy, and if I'm going to go down, I'd like to know I helped the next guy take my spot. You can't prevent the inevitable, but you can join the ship.
Gabriel Iglesias	In the beginning, when I was doing my shows, I was incorporating a lot of Spanish, just trying to be a Latino comic instead of just a comic. Now I try to make the show as broad as possible... I don't want to alienate people. I want to make it so everybody can follow along and everybody can relate.
Gabriel Iglesias	The Ford Flex is a really, really cool car. You get inside and you have so much headroom and it's really comfortable to drive and it's real techy inside. You look at the screen and it's blue and you've got all kinds of controls. Everything is digital.
Gabriel Iglesias	Comedy is my passion. I'm going to do this until I drop.
Gabriel Iglesias	I want to get so famous that I don't have to wake up in the morning. It'll probably never happen.
Gabriel Iglesias	Comedians do movies and TV so that when they tour, they sell out. That's the goal: To get popular enough so the place is packed.
Gabriel Iglesias	I was not the popular kid in school.
Gabriela Isler	As a queen, I speak about unity and respect. I think that is the most important thing.
Gabriela Isler	I always work on my abs, every single day. As Miss Universe, exercising your abdominal muscles is mandatory!
Gabriela Isler	I always make my favorite pancakes with milk, and I also add some fruit - like a banana or apple with some cinnamon sprinkled on top. I also sometimes put peanut butter on my pancakes!
Gabriela Isler	I would like to show that I have a heart, that I am a human being and I have feelings. And to be this kind of role model, not only for beauty pageants but also for life.
Gabriela Isler	An egg white omelet with vegetables is one of my favorite breakfasts.
Gabriela Isler	I have a very balanced posture about the political situation in my country.
Gabriela Isler	I love to eat cucumber sticks with yogurt. It's a great snack to have at home, especially when I'm having house guests.
Gabriela Isler	I think the Miss Universe title not only gives me the opportunity to become a role model for Latina girls around the world, but to show that beauty isn't just about the outside.
Gabriele D'Annunzio	Limit to courage? There is no limit to courage.
Gaby Hoffmann	All my cousins steal things. They're just a bunch of thieves. My whole family is like that. You put something down for a second, and they steal it. You never see it again.
Gaby Hoffmann	I don't watch a lot of T.V. I only watch things via Netflix, so I only watch the things that I'm choosing to watch.
Gaby Hoffmann	The early part of my career was the 1990s, and I was living in New York working as an actor. It was the world I was in. A lot of companies had a great deal of money.
Gaby Hoffmann	Going into my 20s, I was uncertain, trying to figure out what my relationship to acting is.
Gaby Hoffmann	I had a world of people raising me; it was like a little village.
Gaby Hoffmann	I think being on a set where people aren't being treated as equals, and with just a common level of decency and respect, is really uncomfortable.
Gaby Hoffmann	There's plenty of great independent films to do, but you can't support yourself making independent film as an actress.
Gaby Hoffmann	When people are struggling, that's a painful place to be in, to not know who you are and where you belong and what you desire.
Gaby Hoffmann	I think I happened to work with sort of a bunch of slightly difficult male directors when I was a kid. I've since worked with lots of male directors that I love, so I no longer see the distinction gender-wise.
Gaby Hoffmann	My mom was a single mother, raising my sister and me. My mom has an incredible talent for living in the world without traditional structure, and her friend, who was in advertising, put me in a commercial when I was five. It was just to make money.
Gaby Hoffmann	I don't know how people do this waxing thing. Now I just have all these bumpy ingrown hairs.
Gaby Hoffmann	Acting was something that I grew up just doing. I certainly never thought about it.
Gaby Hoffmann	I don't know if I'd say I feel green, but I'm getting to know myself as an actor now in a way that I never did as a kid.
Gaby Hoffmann	I went to school to study literature and writing, even though I didn't end up really doing that in the end.
Gaby Hoffmann	I've been told by many people that if I had a Twitter account, I would be making five hundred thousand dollars more a year.
Gaby Hoffmann	It's funny because I grew up with the T.V. on 24 hours a day. And the more money I made, the more T.V.s we had.
Gaby Hoffmann	People are obsessed with actresses being hairless, fatless Barbie dolls.
Gaby Hoffmann	There are really very few roles for women in films in which you can also make a living.
Gaby Hoffmann	I always knew when I graduated from high school, I'd go to college. I never thought about what I was walking away from... I just wanted to study literature and writing.
Gaby Hoffmann	I started missing acting when I was in school, and I realized after being in the business after however many years that I was really interested in film.
Gaby Hoffmann	I'd started acting as a child. But I wanted to see if it was something my true personality was interested in. I stepped away from offers when I took five years off to go to college. I've only really just decided to whole-heartedly embrace acting.
Gaby Hoffmann	I curate my T.V.-watching quite carefully.
Gaby Hoffmann	I was watching 'Pulp Fiction' when we were making 'Now and Then'. I didn't care about 'Now and Then,' you know?
Gaby Hoffmann	I don't think it should be allowed for people to start working at a young age and not take the time to just be living as themselves in the real world, especially now in this new age of new media and the obsession with celebrity. I think it's a real crime.
Gaby Hoffmann	I basically took six or seven years off, but then I had another five or four of me not working at all because I was in school. It was really 13 years of me not working at all... I really couldn't even think about it.
Gal Gadot	There aren't enough good roles for strong women. I wish we had more female writers. Most of the female characters you see in films today are the 'poor heartbroken girl.'
Gal Gadot	I represent the 'Wonder Woman' of the new world.
Gal Gadot	I am very much in favor of women's rights, being a woman myself, and I support intelligent, successful, independent working women.
Gal Gadot	For me especially, I travel a lot, and with the weather change and everything, my skin gets dehydrated very fast.
Gal Gadot	I do cardio, but I don't like it as much. I'd rather do weights.
Gal Gadot	I just keep active - everything that's challenging me, everything that I feel like doing.
Gal Gadot	I'm a genuine person - I will never promote something I don't believe in.
Gal Gadot	I definitely have a strong sense of my Jewish and Israeli identity. I did my two-year military service; I was brought up in a very Jewish, Israeli family environment, so of course my heritage is very important to me.
Gal Gadot	I try to eat healthy. But sometimes, though, I eat cheeseburgers. That's good for the soul. I make sure to balance everything out. I drink tons of water.
Gal Gadot	I want people to have a good impression of Israel. I don't feel like I'm an ambassador for my country, but I do talk about Israel a lot - I enjoy telling people about where I come from and my religion.
Galileo Galilei	We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.
Galileo Galilei	All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
Galileo Galilei	I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Galileo Galilei	The Bible shows the way to go to heaven, not the way the heavens go.
Galileo Galilei	If I were again beginning my studies, I would follow the advice of Plato and start with mathematics.
Galileo Galilei	Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so.
Galileo Galilei	The sun, with all those planets revolving around it and dependent on it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.
Galileo Galilei	And yet it moves.
Galileo Galilei	I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
Galileo Galilei	In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.
Galileo Galilei	Nature is relentless and unchangeable, and it is indifferent as to whether its hidden reasons and actions are understandable to man or not.
Galileo Galilei	Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty.
Galileo Galilei	The Milky Way is nothing else but a mass of innumerable stars planted together in clusters.
Galileo Galilei	By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.
Galileo Galilei	Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.
Galileo Galilei	It is surely harmful to souls to make it a heresy to believe what is proved.
Galileo Galilei	I think that in the discussion of natural problems we ought to begin not with the Scriptures, but with experiments, and demonstrations.
Galileo Galilei	It vexes me when they would constrain science by the authority of the Scriptures, and yet do not consider themselves bound to answer reason and experiment.
Galileo Galilei	We must say that there are as many squares as there are numbers.
Gallagher	I need wrong to get laughs. I need a normal world so that I can be abnormal, and that's my problem. Comedians need prejudice.
Gallagher	I have spent my life paying attention to my art form, developing my art form, worrying about my show and what I'm bringing to people, making sure that I give them a fine trade.
Gallagher	Parents are trying to be friends with their kids rather than draw the line and tell them what proper public behavior would be.
Gallagher	Detroit is drunken idiots. It was no surprise to me. I performed with Kenny Rogers for one year as his opening act, and I got to visit every major American city and notice the audience, and Detroit was one of the worst.
Gallagher	I don't say that I'm going to be like every other comic that's blue, or gratuitous use of language. I do try to have my own standards: I don't do everything the audience wants, and I do try to surprise them.
Gallagher	I don't want to overthrow the government. I wanna fire 'em.
Gallagher	People don't know how to behave in public anymore.
Gallagher	I know what people laugh at. I know their vocabulary.
Gallagher	I was the first one to allow a projectile to come off of the stage and into the audience. And I kind of take responsibility for the mosh pit.
Gallagher	I know that I am an excellent live performer. I know that I have spent my life paying attention to my art form, developing my art form, worrying about my show and what it is I'm bringing to people, making sure that I give them a fine trade. They get a two-hour show, sometimes a three-hour show, for a decent price.
Gamaliel Bailey	Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use.
Gamaliel Bailey	The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat oneself.
Gamaliel Bailey	There is a large body of abolitionists in Clinton and Clark Counties in this state, and in Wayne County Indiana, that would undoubtedly support such a store, but whether their support would be sufficient, I am unable to say.
Gamaliel Bailey	That a majority of the Abolitionists in this place would patronize a free labor store, in preference to others, I do not doubt; but we do not muster money in Cincinnati.
Garet Garrett	Business is in itself a power.
Garet Garrett	Loyalty of the law-making power to the executive power was one of the dangers the political fathers foretold.
Garet Garrett	There was endless controversy as to whether the acts of the New Deal did actually move recovery or retard it, and nothing final could ever come of that bitter debate because it is forever impossible to prove what might have happened in place of what did.
Garet Garrett	To the revolutionary mind the American vista must have been almost as incredible as Genghis Khan's first view of China - so rich, so soft, so unaware.
Garet Garrett	If the great Government of the United States were a private corporation no bank would take its name on a piece of paper, because it has cynically repudiated the words engraved upon its bonds.
Garet Garrett	Lenin, the greatest theorist of them all, did not know what he was going to do after he had got the power.
Garet Garrett	The New Deal was going to redistribute the national income according to ideals of social and economic justice.
Garet Garrett	The New Deal's enmity for that system of free and competitive private enterprise which we call capitalism was fundamental.
Garet Garrett	The spectacle of a great, solvent government paying a fictitious price for gold it did not want and did not need and doing it on purpose to debase the value of its own paper currency was one to astonish the world.
Garet Garrett	This is the problem for which revolutionary theory has yet to find the right solution, if there is one. The difficulty is that the economic interests of the two classes are antagonistic.
Garet Garrett	Is it security you want? There is no security at the top of the world.
Garet Garrett	Revolution in the modern case is no longer an uncouth business.
Garet Garrett	Formerly government was the responsibility of people; now people were the responsibility of government.
Garet Garrett	It is the function of the President, representing the executive principle, to execute the laws.
Garet Garrett	Well, where there is freedom doubt itself must be free.
Garet Garrett	You do not defend a world that is already lost.
Garet Garrett	If you put a ten dollar bill under the rug instead of spending it, that is capital formation. It represents ten dollars' worth of something that might have been immediately consumed, but wasn't.
Gareth Bale	I always believed in my ability, but I think in any sport you need that little bit of luck.
Gareth Bale	As a kid, you obviously dream of being a professional footballer. I would watch players like Ronaldo of Brazil and pretend to be him in the playground. But I don't think about trying to become one of the best in the world or anything like that. I just play football.
Gareth Bale	I was never too much into school. I liked lunchtimes and breaks, but nah, I hated sitting at a desk. I was always looking out of the window, looking at my watch, thinking about when I could play football.
Gareth Bale	When I was younger, I had some close friends who always loved European football, and Real Madrid at that time were the dominant force. I remember family holidays when we used to go to Spain, and we'd bring back replica shirts of Real Madrid and pretend to be the players when we played in the park.
Gareth Bale	My dad's the one who's always been there; he's my hero, you could say. Even when he was working, he'd do anything for me. He's been the biggest influence in my life.
Gareth Bale	Whenever I get days off, I go home, or friends and family come up. I'm in contact with them every day, so it's like we live next door, but obviously we live in two different countries. Football is my job, and everyone around me has given me the opportunity to purely concentrate on football, and everyone else worries about everything else.
Gareth Bale	I play computer games, watch TV and do what normal people do.
Gareth Bale	The most important thing is to not waste your money.
Gareth Bale	I don't go out, so I don't get attention from girls. They're not going to have posters of me on their walls. I just try to get on with my life.
Gareth Bale	I think La Liga is the best league in the world.
Gareth Bale	I'm a proud Welshman.
Gareth Bale	I've certainly not got any famous people's numbers on my phone. It's just not my thing, really.
Gareth Bale	There seems to be this thing in football where everything has to be... now!
Gareth Bale	When you play in the Premier League, say you're playing against a lower-end team, they set up to defend all the time, they set up to block you off. But when you play in the Champions League, all the other teams are used to winning every week, so it's more of an open game, it's more attacking, end-to-end.
Gareth Bale	Between 12 and 14, I shot up a ridiculous amount. The muscles were struggling to stretch and grow at the rate my bones were growing. It gave me problems with my back and my hamstrings.
Gareth Bale	I'd say that Spanish football is probably the best I've seen.
Gareth Bale	I probably prefer Spanish football to the others. It's very technical, the way they play; they keep the ball well, and whenever Spurs have played against Spanish teams in the past, they've always made it difficult for us.
Gareth Bale	I'm ambitious, I want to play in the Champions League, and that's the aim with Tottenham - to start qualifying for the Champions League on a consistent basis.
Gareth Gates	I had a meal in Pizza Hut and the waitress told me I didn't need to pay. So I decided to be a bit cheeky and ask for more pizza and garlic bread.
Gareth Gates	I like to have quiet evenings and relax.
Gareth Gates	In the music business, I found it was much more about interviews, photo shoots and appearances rather than actual performing, which I do best.
Gareth Gates	Young adults living with a stutter is hard work. How do they handle job interviews? What do they do when the phone rings? How do they 'chat someone up'? All these things the average person takes for granted prove to be a stammerer's biggest challenge.
Gareth Gates	Having my first number one single and being able to travel to places I've never been before has been amazing. The tour was also fantastic. There are so many things which I've experienced this year which I never even dreamed of.
Gareth Gates	I live for my daughter. Every decision I make is about her and for her. It's great. She's perfect.
Gareth Gates	If I get a bad review, I don't take it personally because everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Gareth Gates	On the McGuire course, there's a technique called 'cancellation' where negative experiences are replaced with positive ones.
Gareth Gates	The last thing I wanted was to be with someone who's the same age as me and wanted the limelight, wanted the attention. There's lots of girls out there who do.
Gareth Gates	I do find my speech difficult at times, but it's getting so much better as my confidence grows and that's thanks to the position I'm now in, which is totally due to my fans.
Gareth Gates	I've got my feet firmly on the ground, I can't see life changing too much. I reckon more girls will talk to me at college and more people will look at me, but they know me for who I am.
Gareth Gates	As you know, I was a solo singer, something I just got very much used to. Turns out I'm quite enjoying being in a band!
Gareth Gates	At the age of 13, I felt it was up to me to decide whether I wanted to go to church or be with my mates, and I chose to go to church.
Gareth Gates	Because I see my mum and dad as such amazing friends, I think I'll be a really good dad.
Gareth Gates	Breathing is fundamental to speech. A stammer is caused by erratic airflow, so if you have a smooth airflow, you have smooth speech.
Gareth Gates	Finally having the freedom to speak is a really liberating feeling.
Gareth Gates	I always wanted to be with a woman who has the same mindset and wants to look after me like my mum.
Gareth Gates	I haven't been the best boyfriend or husband, and that means I don't get to spend every day with my daughter.
Gareth Gates	I love musical theatre because I love doing a live performance eight times a week.
Gareth Gates	I really love it in Belfast. I always stay in the most bombed hotel, the Europa!
Gareth Gates	I was always used to being centre stage - something that had its good and bad points.
Gareth Gates	I'm very driven, and I always have been. So I'd like to release a successful album, continue in musical theatre, and be more involved in business.
Gareth Gates	Living with a stammer is difficult. It's a daily uphill struggle with emotional baggage weighing you down. You can't be the person you want to be.
Gareth Gates	Sharing the stage while singing my songs was a bit of a daunting prospect.
Gareth Gates	Speech and having a stammer is obviously a big part of my life.
Garik Israelian	The one way to discover about aliens is to tune your radio telescope and listen to the signals.
Garik Israelian	Connection between life and radioactive nuclei is straightforward. No life without tectonic activity, without volcanic activity. And we know very well that geothermal energy is mostly produced by decay of uranium, thorium, and potassium.
Garik Israelian	When discs form around stars, there is interaction of angular momentum between disc, planets and parent star, and this interaction affects the rotation of the parent star, and that will affect the lithium abundance.
Garik Israelian	Let me mention that not all sun-like stars host planets - perhaps about 30% of them are planet-builders. It's not so easy to form a planet!
Garik Israelian	I have no doubt that Brian May would have had a brilliant career in science had he completed his Ph.D. in 1971.
Garik Israelian	It's not very fun to do spectroscopy.
Garik Israelian	Spectroscopy can probably answer the question, 'Is there anybody out there?' Are we alone?
Garik Israelian	There are many unidentified bands in the spectra of stars. Wide bands are produced by some complex molecules in the interstellar space.
Gary Ackerman	The media has changed. We now give broadcast licenses to philosophies instead of people. People get confused and think there is no difference between news and entertainment. People who project themselves as journalists on television don't know the first thing about journalism. They are just there stirring up a hockey game.
Gary Ackerman	You can compromise between good, better, and best, and you can compromise between bad and worse and terrible. But you can't compromise between good and evil. And now people look at the other side as a completely different kind of animal and say, 'They are taking the country down the road to purgatory.' It's complete intolerance.
Gary Ackerman	It used to be you had real friends on the other side of the aisle. It's not like that anymore. Society has changed. The public is to blame as well. I think the people have gotten dumber.
Gary Ackerman	If a jerk burns the flag, America is not threatened, democracy is not under siege, freedom is not at risk.
Gary Ackerman	For some reason, the military seems more afraid of gay people than they are against terrorists, but they're very brave with the terrorists... If the terrorists ever got a hold of this information, they'd get a platoon of lesbians to chase us out of Baghdad.
Gary Ackerman	Without a musket to raise, a barricade to storm, a flag to wave, the question hit me in the face like the cold air: 'Who am I?'
Gary Ackerman	Whether rich people make money or lose money, they get no sympathy from the public.
Gary Ackerman	From the U.S. Capitol Building to the White House, our national symbols that represent freedom to so many of us, were built by people who were anything but free.
Gary Ackerman	Patriots don't let their nation default.
Gary Ackerman	Telling people not to have children is unthinkable and inhumane.
Gary Ackerman	I'm in favor of immigration but we also need rules.
Gary Ackerman	As a state senator and then a congressman, I've had the privilege of trying to do good things for people to whom I owe so much and can never fully repay.
Gary Ackerman	There's a delicious irony in seeing private luxury jets flying in to Washington, D.C., and people coming off of them with tin cups in their hands saying that they're going to be trimming down and streamlining their businesses. There's a message there.
Gary Ackerman	Looking forward, it might prove constructive to examine the true historical record of an issue prior to assuming the worst of anyone's motive and deconstructing and questioning anyone's Democratic bona fides. After all, we liberals got feelings.
Gary Ackerman	People more than ever since I can remember are concerned about being out of step and out of line with their political party and won't cross over. There is nobody, man or woman, who wants to be left out, and people are fearful of that. People are fearful of their leadership as well.
Gary Ackerman	Every gun sold should require a background check, period.
Gary Ackerman	I am always fascinated by India.
Gary Ackerman	India is a regional power. It does not need anything to establish it.
Gary Ackerman	No, you can't call your vote in. You have to be there on the floor to vote.
Gary Ackerman	Politics was my third act. But I could have a fourth. I don't know what that will be yet, but there will be one.
Gary Ackerman	Sometimes people who are Jewish are held to a higher standard which sometimes we take great pride in.
Gary Ackerman	The media's gotten lazy. They don't check anything out. You report what he reports.
Gary Ackerman	Using official government resources to help bankroll an explicit political agenda - whether on the right or left - is flat out wrong.
Gary Ackerman	We have some Jewish members of Congress, not a lot but there's a bunch of us.
Gary Ackerman	We have to have some rules and regulations in America, or the world would empty out here.
Gary Calamar	It's a great meeting place, community center, art gallery, singles bar, music venue. The record store really covers a lot of ground.
Gary Calamar	I love iTunes as much as anybody. It's very convenient and very easy. But there is nothing like the vibe that you get when you walk into a record store. And I think a lot of people are still thrilled to spend a half hour there and go through the bins and make some purchases.
Gary Calamar	Iggy Pop, or should I say Iggy's people, had reached out to me saying he was a True Blood fan, and if any opportunities come up, to please keep Iggy in mind. We sent Iggy the demo of 'LB&R'. He loved it and said, 'Sign me up.'
Gary Calamar	I worked in Licorice Pizza when John Lennon was killed. I had the day off, but I came in anyway because people needed a place to mourn.
Gary Calamar	The first purchase I made with my own money was a single by The Kinks, "All Day and All of the Night" and still one of my all time favorites.
Gary Calamar	Certainly, R.E.M. grew out of the Wuxtry record store in Athens, where Peter Buck was working and Michael Stipe came in to visit. And even their later manager, Bertis Downs, they all met and congregated at that record store. So I'm sure we wouldn't see those without the record store.
Gary Calamar	I definitely love record stores. And worked in many over the years. Having said that, it's not necessarily that I love vinyl per se. I mean, I'm happy to use CDs and MP3s: to me, it's the music that's top priority. I do have a good collection of vinyl, but I rarely actually pull it out.
Gary Calamar	The big difference between the radio show and the TV work is that I don't have to work by committee on the radio show. I'm the DJ; I can play what I want and suffer or get praised by that. With a TV show, it's much more of a collaboration, and the song that I might think is perfect may get shot down and vice versa.
Gary Calamar	Whenever I go to a new city, whether visiting or vacationing, I would always make that a point to get to the record store early on, just to get my bearings and see what was going on around town.
Gary Hamel	Most of us understand that innovation is enormously important. It's the only insurance against irrelevance. It's the only guarantee of long-term customer loyalty. It's the only strategy for out-performing a dismal economy.
Gary Hamel	A noble purpose inspires sacrifice, stimulates innovation and encourages perseverance.
Gary Hamel	Trust is not simply a matter of truthfulness, or even constancy. It is also a matter of amity and goodwill. We trust those who have our best interests at heart, and mistrust those who seem deaf to our concerns.
Gary Hamel	As human beings, we are the only organisms that create for the sheer stupid pleasure of doing so. Whether it's laying out a garden, composing a new tune on the piano, writing a bit of poetry, manipulating a digital photo, redecorating a room, or inventing a new chili recipe - we are happiest when we are creating.
Gary Hamel	The real damper on employee engagement is the soggy, cold blanket of centralized authority. In most companies, power cascades downwards from the CEO. Not only are employees disenfranchised from most policy decisions, they lack even the power to rebel against egocentric and tyrannical supervisors.
Gary Hamel	As the great grandchildren of the industrial revolution, we have learned, at last, that the heedless pursuit of more is unsustainable and, ultimately, unfulfilling. Our planet, our security, our sense of equanimity and our very souls demand something better, something different.
Gary Hamel	To escape the curse of commoditization, a company has to be a game-changer, and that requires employees who are proactive, inventive and zealous.
Gary Hamel	You can't build an adaptable organization without adaptable people - and individuals change only when they have to, or when they want to.
Gary Hamel	An enterprise that is constantly exploring new horizons is likely to have a competitive advantage in attracting and retaining talent.
Gary Hamel	Top-down authority structures turn employees into bootlickers, breed pointless struggles for political advantage, and discourage dissent.
Gary Hamel	Remarkable contributions are typically spawned by a passionate commitment to transcendent values such as beauty, truth, wisdom, justice, charity, fidelity, joy, courage and honor.
Gary Hamel	In a democracy, you don't need anyone's permission to form a new political party, publish a politically charged article, or organize a 'tea party.' And in open markets, individuals are free to buy and invest as they see fit.
Gary Hamel	A well-conceived product excels at what it does. It's close to being functionally flawless - like a Ziploc bag, a radio from Tivoli Audio, a Philips Sonicare toothbrush, a Nespresso coffee maker or Google's home page.
Gary Hamel	The fact is, society is made more hospitable by every individual who acts as if 'do unto others' really was a rule.
Gary Hamel	Fact is, inventing an innovative business model is often mostly a matter of serendipity.
Gary Hamel	An uplifting sense of purpose is more than an impetus for individual accomplishment, it is also a necessary insurance policy against expediency and impropriety.
Gary Hamel	While one should never underestimate the ability of risk-besotted financiers to wreak havoc, the real threat to capitalism isn't unfettered financial cunning. It is, instead, the unwillingness of executives to confront the changing expectations of their stakeholders.
Gary Hamel	To create an organization that's adaptable and innovative, people need the freedom to challenge precedent, to 'waste' time, to go outside of channels, to experiment, to take risks and to follow their passions.
Gary Hamel	Today, no leader can afford to be indifferent to the challenge of engaging employees in the work of creating the future. Engagement may have been optional in the past, but it's pretty much the whole game today.
Gary Hamel	I live a half mile from the San Andreas fault - a fact that bubbles up into my consciousness every time some other part of the world experiences an earthquake. I sometimes wonder whether this subterranean sense of impending disaster is at least partly responsible for Silicon Valley's feverish, get-it-done-yesterday work norms.
Gary Hamel	An employee who's one of hundreds, rather than one of a few, is unlikely to feel personally responsible for helping the organization adapt and change.
Gary Hamel	I'm not one of those professors whose office is encased floor-to-ceiling with books. By the way, I think academics do this to intimidate their visitors.
Gary Hamel	In most companies, the formal hierarchy is a matter of public record - it's easy to discover who's in charge of what. By contrast, natural leaders don't appear on any organization chart.
Gary Hamel	It's not just that individuals have lost faith in the integrity of their leaders, it's that they no longer believe society's most powerful institutions are acting in their interests.
Gary Hamel	You have to train people how to be business innovators. If you don't train them, the quality of the ideas that you get in an innovation marketplace is not likely to be high.
Gaston Bachelard	One must always maintain one's connection to the past and yet ceaselessly pull away from it.
Gaston Bachelard	If I were asked to name the chief benefit of the house, I should say: the house shelters day-dreaming, the house protects the dreamer, the house allows one to dream in peace.
Gaston Bachelard	The characteristic of scientific progress is our knowing that we did not know.
Gaston Bachelard	The repose of sleep refreshes only the body. It rarely sets the soul at rest. The repose of the night does not belong to us. It is not the possession of our being. Sleep opens within us an inn for phantoms. In the morning we must sweep out the shadows.
Gaston Bachelard	There is no original truth, only original error.
Gaston Bachelard	Man is a creation of desire, not a creation of need.
Gaston Bachelard	To live life well is to express life poorly; if one expresses life too well, one is living it no longer.
Gaston Bachelard	So, like a forgotten fire, a childhood can always flare up again within us.
Gaston Bachelard	The subconscious is ceaselessly murmuring, and it is by listening to these murmurs that one hears the truth.
Gaston Bachelard	Ideas are refined and multiplied in the commerce of minds. In their splendor, images effect a very simple communion of souls.
Gaston Bachelard	Man is an imagining being.
Gaston Bachelard	Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books.
Gaston Bachelard	Reverie is not a mind vacuum. It is rather the gift of an hour which knows the plenitude of the soul.
Gaston Bachelard	The words of the world want to make sentences.
Gaston Bachelard	The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams.
Gaston Bachelard	Poetry is one of the destinies of speech... One would say that the poetic image, in its newness, opens a future to language.
Gaston Bachelard	Even a minor event in the life of a child is an event of that child's world and thus a world event.
Gaston Bachelard	A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.
Gaston Bachelard	Two half philosophers will probably never a whole metaphysician make.
Gaston Caperton	That's the value of a college education... I don't know anywhere in the world where you can make an investment and make that kind of return.
Gaston Caperton	The gap in education in this country, the unfairness of the schools, is one of the great unfairness in this society.
Gaston Caperton	It is our hope that the AP program can serve as an anchor for increasing rigor in our schools. Rigor can be maintained while increasing student participation.
Gaston Caperton	The number of students participating in A.P. has more than doubled in 10 years, and today almost 15,000 U.S. schools offer A.P. courses.
Gaston Caperton	Gov. Jeb Bush and the Florida Legislature's strong commitment to increase access to Advanced Placement courses continues to pay off.
Gautam Gambhir	I think that a leader is someone that needs to make an impact on, off the cricket field and in their lives as well.
Gautam Gambhir	Any quality player can adjust well to the different demands. It is like a good tennis player who is expected to adjust to the clay at the French Open, the grass at Wimbledon, the hard courts of the U.S. and the heat of the Australian Open. A professional is expected to do all that.
Gautam Gambhir	I can bat in the morning, afternoon, evening, night, on ice, desert, wherever and whenever. It is almost nirvana for me. It takes me away from the stresses of life.
Gautam Gambhir	I think a captain is someone who captains on the cricket field but, most of the leadership that happens is off the cricket field. It's very easy to captain people on the cricket field, but if you can start leading them off the cricket field, and show them that trust, what you have in them.
Gautam Gambhir	Whatever good or bad is said by former cricketers is considered gospel. Our media should not blow out of proportion the opinion of former cricketers.
Gautam Gambhir	I am a great believer that a captain is as good as his team.
Gautam Gambhir	I think only a batsman will be able to tell you about the goose bumps he gets after hitting a perfect cover drive. I'm one of them.
Gautam Gambhir	I think Delhiites know how to party, but Kolkata has people who know how to celebrate. I think that's the main difference.
Gautam Gambhir	I've always maintained - a captain is only as good as his team. It is not about my leadership, it is not about me.
Gautam Gambhir	The face of the team are the people who're playing on the cricket field. The team is not about one individual.
Gautam Gambhir	I grew up playing on unprepared surfaces where your wicket depended on quickly adapting to the bounce. As a kid, I could never differentiate off-spin from leg-spin. All I looked to do was to try to hit the ball before it pitched.
Gautam Gambhir	To me, form is not about scoring runs but how you feel about your game. Sometimes the runs are not there, but you know you are batting well, and that is good form for me.
Gautam Gambhir	Yes, I'm the same grumpy Gautam who smiles very less on the field. I go very quiet before going into the match. I guess it works for me, though my team-mates keep telling me it is just a game.
Gautam Gambhir	I think the only time I show my emotions and anger is on the cricket field; otherwise, I've mellowed down. And with age, I think, with age you always end up mellowing down.
Gautam Gambhir	Being an impatient guy, even off the field, I would always look to score runs and score them quickly. Sometimes I panic if runs are not coming.
Gautam Gambhir	I believe in backing players and helping them out with their game.
Gautam Gambhir	I play for India, I play for the 100 million people of my country.
Gautam Gambhir	I've always maintained that the problem in India is that we only give credit to big contributions.
Gautam Gambhir	It used to hurt me that people thought I didn't have the technique and the temperament to play Test cricket.
Gautam Gambhir	When I'm playing a team sport, it's not about one individual, it's about everyone, from me to the other 23 people who were there, to all the support staff who've worked very hard behind the scenes.
Gayle Gardner	In the end, I think you really only get as far as you're allowed to get.
Gayle Gardner	If someone says you're a reporter and doesn't want you to anchor then you wonder why you worked so hard at it.
Gene Hackman	The difference between a hero and a coward is one step sideways.
Gene Hackman	Dysfunctional families have sired a number of pretty good actors.
Gene Hackman	If you look at yourself as a star, you've already lost something in the portrayal of any human being.
Gene Hackman	I do not like assassins, or men of low character.
Gene Hackman	The worst job I ever had was working nights in the Chrysler Building. I was part of a team of about five guys, and we polished the leather furniture.
Gene Hackman	I don't see myself as a violent guy.
Gene Hackman	I went in the Marines when I was 16. I spent four and a half years in the Marines and then came right to New York to be an actor. And then seven years later, I got my first job.
Gene Hackman	I write in the morning from about eight till noon, and sometimes again a bit in the afternoon. In the morning I start off by going over what I had done the previous day, which my wife has happily typed up for me.
Gene Hackman	I left home when I was 16 because I was looking for adventure.
Gene Hackman	I was trained to be an actor, not a star. I was trained to play roles, not to deal with fame and agents and lawyers and the press.
Gene Hackman	I'm disappointed that success hasn't been a Himalayan feeling.
Gene Hackman	Hollywood loves to typecast, and I guess they saw me as a violent guy.
Gene Hackman	I don't like to talk about myself that much.
Gene Hackman	I have trouble with direction, because I have trouble with authority. I was not a good Marine.
Gene Hackman	I'm not a sentimental guy.
Gene Hackman	If I start to become a star, I'll lose contact with the normal guys I play best.
Gene Hackman	My early days in Broadway were all comedies. I never did a straight play on Broadway.
Gene Hackman	My wife and I take what we call our Friday comedy day off. We watch standup comics on TV. The raunchier the better. We love Eddie Izzard.
Gene Hackman	Things parents say to children are oftentimes not heard, but in some cases you pick up on things that your parent would like to see you have done.
Gene Hackman	I lost touch with my son in terms of advice early on. Maybe it had to do with being gone so much, doing location films when he was at an age where he needed support and guidance.
Gene Hackman	It really costs me a lot emotionally to watch myself on screen. I think of myself, and feel like I'm quite young, and then I look at this old man with the baggy chins and the tired eyes and the receding hairline and all that.
Gene Hackman	My grandfather had been a newspaper reporter, as was my uncle. They were pretty good writers and so I thought maybe somewhere down the line I would do some writing.
Gene Hackman	Once, I optioned a novel and tried to do a screenplay on it, which was great fun, but I was too respectful. I was only 100 pages into the novel and I had about 90 pages of movie script going. I realized I had a lot to learn.
Gene Hackman	You go through stages in your career that you feel very good about yourself. Then you feel awful, like, 'Why didn't I choose something else?' But overall I'm pretty satisfied that I made the right choice when I decided to be an actor.
Genelia D'Souza	When in doubt, always opt for going naturel rather than hiding your skin under foundation and such. Line your eyes with kohl and mascara, put on some bright lip gloss and pinch your cheeks a little bit to get them all flushed and bright!
Genelia D'Souza	Considering the regular use of make-up and the fact that I'm under the glare of the harsh shooting lights practically all the time, I'm adamant about using really strong cleansing milk to get the make-up off my skin, and I never sleep with make-up on, however tired I am.
Genelia D'Souza	Following 'Urumi,' I did get a lot of offers from Malayalam, but frankly, managing films in several industries can become a little hectic. So I decided not to take them up.
Genelia D'Souza	When it comes to make-up, I usually go au natural most of the time and opt for a basic blush, lip gloss and kohl for a day look.
Genelia D'Souza	As far as my projects are concerned, I have always maintained a healthy balance. My south Indian projects have never taken a backseat even though I've been busy in Hindi. Both regions have loved me, and being wanted by both the north and south film industries is a compliment by itself.
Genelia D'Souza	Every role I do is a dream role for me because I can't imagine I'm doing it.
Genelia D'Souza	I'm a fast and impatient dresser, so I can't dress myself up for too long. I don't even need a lot of makeup, so I'm usually ready in about half an hour.
Genelia D'Souza	I'm an athlete, so I can get up one day and run and it wouldn't bother me. I don't get the time because I work for long hours every day. Being constantly on the move itself helps me stay fit. I don't go to a gym. I use the stairs, not the lift. I'm not into fitness, but I feel I should start ,as it's healthy.
Genelia D'Souza	There is a general notion that playing a bubbly girl is undemanding and less challenging. But that's not the case. You need oodles of energy to bring out the spirit of a lively character. Besides, no two bubbly girls are the same. Every character I have played is different from the other. I love being chosen for such lively roles.
Genelia D'Souza	At home, a T-shirt and something loose like harem pants would do. If I'm stepping out, a pair of blue jeans and a white tee are just fine.
Genelia D'Souza	I don't see a difference between the big screen and the small one. We are entertainers, and the medium doesn't matter.
Genelia D'Souza	I eat egg whites a lot. Aside from that, I eat everything. I try to avoid too much oily food, but I do eat carbs. I have to have a balanced diet.
Genelia D'Souza	No doubt, my role in 'Urumi' has been one of my best so far. It surprised me as an actor and made me more confident.
Genelia D'Souza	What a lot of people don't realise is that damage to hair starts from washing your hair in a rush and not taking all the product out such as leave-in conditioners. So I always make sure that I cleanse my hair properly and get the shampoo and conditioner completely out.
Geoffrey Canada	People don't believe or understand that a community can lose hope. You can have a whole community where hopelessness is the norm, where folks don't have faith that things will get better because history and circumstances have proven over 30, 40, or 50 years that things don't get better.
Geoffrey Canada	Convincing people to give your way a try will work if you neutralize - and sometimes you have to cauterize - the ones who really are against change. They're the kind of person who, if you tell them it's raining outside, they'll fight you tooth and nail.
Geoffrey Canada	You grow up in America and you're told from day one, 'This is the land of opportunity.' That everybody has an equal chance to make it in this country. And then you look at places like Harlem, and you say, 'That is absolutely a lie.'
Geoffrey Canada	Good dental care doesn't make you a good student, but if your tooth hurts, it's hard to be a good student.
Geoffrey Canada	Boys want to grow up to be like their male role models. And boys who grow up in homes with absent fathers search the hardest to figure out what it means to be male.
Geoffrey Canada	Education is the only billion dollar industry that tolerates abject failure.
Geoffrey Canada	How is it we could have a system where schools could remain lousy for 50 years and yet you do exactly the same thing this year that they did 50 years ago when it didn't work then, and no one feels any pressure to change?
Geoffrey Canada	An extended school day gives administrators the ability to ensure children get a well-rounded education.
Geoffrey Canada	The system decides you can't run schools in the summer.
Geoffrey Canada	Video games offer violent messages, and even the sports video games include taunting and teasing.
Geoffrey Canada	We've gotta guarantee all of our kids an education.
Geoffrey Canada	One of the things that sells music is when the artist is looked at as someone who's come up from the streets. Not just any streets, but the toughest, meanest streets of the urban ghetto. And that's called 'street credibility.'
Geoffrey Canada	Many schools today are sacrificing social studies, the arts and physical education so children can cover basic subjects like math, English and science.
Geoffrey Canada	People talk about Wall Street greed, but one of the things many people don't understand is that there are a lot of organizations that have been the recipient of largess from the same Wall Street.
Geoffrey Canada	Poverty places not just one or two obstacles but multiple obstacles in a child's pathway to what we would consider to be regular development - cognitively, intellectually and emotionally.
Geoffrey Canada	When I was growing up, kids used to talk about snitching... It never extended as a cultural norm outside of the gangsters.
Geoffrey Canada	My own faith was nurtured by my grandmother and her clinging deeply to her faith when she was dying a painful and slow death from cancer.
Geoffrey Canada	When I first found out that Superman wasn't real, I was about maybe eight. And I was talking to my mother about it. And she was like, 'No, no, no. There's no Superman.' And I started crying. I really thought he was coming to rescue us. The chaos, the violence, the danger. No hero was coming.
Geoffrey Canada	It is important to have permanent safe spaces in Harlem.
Geoffrey Canada	When I began working in not-for-profits, it was taking a vow of poverty, which eliminated huge numbers of folks.
Geoffrey Canada	Banks used to open and operate between 10 and 3. They operated 10 to 3. They were closed for lunch hour. Now, who can bank between 10 and 3? The unemployed. They don't need banks. They got no money in the banks. Who created that business model? Right? And it went on for decades. You know why? Because they didn't care. It wasn't about the customers.
Geoffrey Canada	At a school in Massachusetts where I once worked, we managed early on through consensus. Which sounds wonderful, but it was just a very, very difficult way to sort of manage anything, because convincing everybody to do one particular thing, especially if it was hard, was almost impossible.
Geoffrey Canada	I graduated from Bowdoin College and went to the Harvard Graduate School of Education. Then I left and took a job teaching really poor inner-city white kids in Boston. It was interesting to me because I'd never been around poor whites before.
Geoffrey Canada	In two-parent households, women have increasingly entered the workplace, and in single-parent households, there is even more of a need for the adults to work. That means parents do not fully control their own schedule and have to scramble to find high-quality after-school options.
Geoffrey Canada	Kids who are poor often have families that have not really been kept informed about... how important it is to read to your child, to reduce stresses in their life, to use positive incentives and words.
Georg Cantor	In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.
Georg Cantor	The essence of mathematics lies in its freedom.
Georg Cantor	A set is a Many that allows itself to be thought of as a One.
Georg Cantor	I realise that in this undertaking I place myself in a certain opposition to views widely held concerning the mathematical infinite and to opinions frequently defended on the nature of numbers.
George Ade	To insure peace of mind ignore the rules and regulations.
George Ade	One man's poison ivy is another man's spinach.
George Ade	Early to bed and early to rise is a bad rule for anyone who wishes to become acquainted with our most prominent and influential people.
George Ade	The time to enjoy a European trip is about three weeks after unpacking.
George Ade	Do unto yourself as your neighbors do unto themselves and look pleasant.
George Ade	Nothing is improbable until it moves into past tense.
George Ade	If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
George Ade	It is not time for mirth and laughter, the cold, gray dawn of the morning after.
George Ade	Only the more rugged mortals should attempt to keep up with current literature.
George Ade	In the city a funeral is just an interruption of traffic; in the country it is a form of popular entertainment.
George Ade	After being Turned Down by numerous Publishers, he had decided to write for Posterity.
George Ade	Anybody can win - unless there happens to be a second entry.
George Ade	She was short on intellect, but long on shape.
George Ade	A man never feels more important than when he receives a telegram containing more than ten words.
George Ade	For parlor use, the vague generality is a life saver.
George Ade	A good jolly is worth what you pay for it.
George Ade	A friend who is near and dear may in time become as useless as a relative.
George Balanchine	The ballet is a purely female thing; it is a woman, a garden of beautiful flowers, and man is the gardener.
George Balanchine	Most ballet teachers in the United States are terrible. If they were in medicine, everyone would be poisoned.
George Balanchine	In my ballets, woman is first. Men are consorts. God made men to sing the praises of women. They are not equal to men: They are better.
George Balanchine	God creates, I do not create. I assemble and I steal everywhere to do it - from what I see, from what the dancers can do, from what others do.
George Balanchine	In ballet a complicated story is impossible to tell... we can't dance synonyms.
George Balanchine	One is born to be a great dancer.
George Ball	Nostalgia is a seductive liar.
George Ball	Not only must Americans admire Israel, there can be no doubt that we have an interest in, and special responsibility for, that valiant nation.
George Ball	The question is no longer whether the United States should contribute to assuring Israel's survival and prosperity; that goes without saying.
George Ball	Yet the wonder of it all is that, while engaged in a seemingly endless struggle, the Israelis have managed to turn a desert into a garden.
George Ball	Most Americans approach the problems of the Middle East with a pro-Israeli bias - and rightly so.
George Ball	Until 1956, America treated Israel not much differently from other friendly states.
George Bancroft	Dishonesty is so grasping it would deceive God himself, were it possible.
George Bancroft	Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us; like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.
George Bancroft	The prejudices of ignorance are more easily removed than the prejudices of interest; the first are all blindly adopted, the second willfully preferred.
George Bancroft	By common consent gray hairs are a crown of glory; the only object of respect that can never excite envy.
George Bancroft	The fears of one class of men are not the measure of the rights of another.
George Bancroft	The public is wiser than the wisest critic.
George Bancroft	Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect.
George Bancroft	Truth is not exciting enough to those who depend on the characters and lives of their neighbors for all their amusement.
George Bancroft	In nine times out of ten, the slanderous tongue belongs to a disappointed person.
George Bancroft	Conscience is the mirror of our souls, which represents the errors of our lives in their full shape.
George Bancroft	The exact measure of the progress of civilization is the degree in which the intelligence of the common mind has prevailed over wealth and brute force.
George Bancroft	The best government rests on the people, and not on the few, on persons and not on property, on the free development of public opinion and not on authority.
George Bancroft	If reason is a universal faculty, the decision of the common mind is the nearest criterion of truth.
George Bancroft	Avarice is the vice of declining years.
George Bernard Shaw	Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw	Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
George Bernard Shaw	Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
George Bernard Shaw	The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw	A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw	There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw	Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.
George Bernard Shaw	Just do what must be done. This may not be happiness, but it is greatness.
George Bernard Shaw	A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
George Bernard Shaw	We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Bernard Shaw	If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance.
George Bernard Shaw	Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
George Bernard Shaw	First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
George Bernard Shaw	If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience.
George Bernard Shaw	A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
George Bernard Shaw	I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.
George Bernard Shaw	Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
George Bernard Shaw	Science never solves a problem without creating ten more.
George Bernard Shaw	Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world.
George Bernard Shaw	Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open.
George Bernard Shaw	The golden rule is that there are no golden rules.
George Bernard Shaw	We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
George Bernard Shaw	The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
George Bernard Shaw	A gentleman is one who puts more into the world than he takes out.
George Bernard Shaw	The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.
George Burns	Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
George Burns	You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
George Burns	Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
George Burns	If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age.
George Burns	First you forget names, then you forget faces. Next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down.
George Burns	When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick.
George Burns	Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman; it depends on how much happiness you can handle.
George Burns	It takes only one drink to get me drunk. The trouble is, I can't remember if it's the thirteenth or the fourteenth.
George Burns	I look to the future because that's where I'm going to spend the rest of my life.
George Burns	I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
George Burns	If you ask what is the single most important key to longevity, I would have to say it is avoiding worry, stress and tension. And if you didn't ask me, I'd still have to say it.
George Burns	The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.
George Burns	At my age flowers scare me.
George Burns	I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
George Burns	The most important thing in acting is honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
George Burns	You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.
George Burns	Be quick to learn and wise to know.
George Burns	Too bad all the people who know how to run this country are busy running taxicabs or cutting hair.
George Burns	Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxicabs and cutting hair.
George Burns	Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples.
George Burns	Sex at age 90 is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.
George Burns	Everything that goes up must come down. But there comes a time when not everything that's down can come up.
George Burns	Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
George Burns	I spent a year in that town, one Sunday.
George Burns	You've got to be honest; if you can fake that, you've got it made.
George Cadbury	But if each man could have his own house, a large garden to cultivate and healthy surroundings - then, I thought, there will be for them a better opportunity of a happy family life.
George Canning	Here's to the pilot that weathered the storm.
George Canning	I can prove anything by statistics except the truth.
George Canning	Indecision and delays are the parents of failure.
George Canning	But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh, save me, from the candid friend!
George Canning	A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.
George Canning	I called the New World into existence, to redress the balance of the Old.
George Canning	In matters of commerce the fault of the Dutch Is offering too little and asking too much. The French are with equal advantage content, So we clap on Dutch bottoms just twenty per cent.
George Carlin	Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
George Carlin	Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
George Carlin	There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
George Carlin	Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
George Carlin	Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
George Carlin	Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist.
George Carlin	Electricity is really just organized lightning.
George Carlin	Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
George Carlin	The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.
George Carlin	I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
George Carlin	I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me - they're cramming for their final exam.
George Carlin	You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar.
George Carlin	Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
George Carlin	People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think.
George Carlin	Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
George Carlin	'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence?
George Carlin	The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
George Carlin	If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
George Carlin	May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
George Carlin	The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
George Carlin	In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
George Carlin	There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
George Carlin	Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established.
George Carlin	Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
George Carlin	The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
George Eads	I think we take for granted police officers and detectives that walk into some pretty heinous situations, and they really have to be very brave. So I love playing a character that's very brave - someone that kind of dives in the fire to figure out what's happened.
George Eads	I think I'm a fan of people who were brave, my aunt, my grandmother, those are my heroes.
George Eads	To be honest with you, I get a little fed up with actors who act crazy to make themselves more interesting.
George Eads	No, there are some location shoots in Vegas, maybe four trips a year. It's shot in Santa Clarita, CA.
George Eads	It looks easy, like surfing, but surfing is hard too.
George Eads	I think my character's getting to the point where he can't even eat spaghetti with red sauce anymore, where he has horrible nightmares, he can't sleep anymore.
George Eads	I have a Lab, it's fun to hang out and hike with the dog, people come up to him, and pet him, it's fun.
George Eads	I've been trying to pick up painting but it's hard.
George Eads	Another challenge? Getting up at 6:30 in the morning to go act. It's not fun acting that early in the morning or acting at 4 A.M in the middle of the night or in the morning when you're really tired. That's a challenge. What a luxurious problem to have.
George Eads	I've seen a dead body, I've seen some pretty gruesome fist fights, I've been a hunter since I was a child, though I don't anymore, I've gutted wild game.
George Eads	There are a lot of times that if a detail in a scene or a beat, feels unnatural, they'll allow me to explore another direction to go until we're all comfortable with what we are doing.
George Eads	I work so hard for the fans who watch our show.
George Eads	I love what I do and I love the fans.
George Eads	We give each other a hard time, but no pranks.
George Eads	I think I'll give it up, the fantasy is over, I wanted to play Spiderman, Peter Parker.
George Eads	I think people would be suprised at how much we curse when we screw up. I'm like somebody with Tourette's Syndrome.
George Eads	One lady wrote me and told me how she wants to see me get beat up and near death and that kind of stuff.
George Eads	Over the years, I've gotten a little bit thick-skinned when it comes to the acting thing.
George Eads	The show has boundaries right now we're trying to widen them not break them.
George Eads	Any time you put a cast like this in compromising circumstances or shake it up a little bit, I think we're all pretty close so we draw on real emotion.
George Eads	I think what's always been interesting to me than the science and the criminality with this job is what happens to your persona, your disposition, after day in and day out dealing with life and death.
George Eads	I'm interested to go other places, I've been the boy in the bubble since we've been shooting, I need to go travel a little bit, see where the action is, other than going to see family, of course.
George Eads	Most of my stuff before CSI was kind of the jerk boyfriend, so I thought this was one of those deals, where these two have a thing going on, so we had a scene where they make out.
George Eastman	Light makes photography. Embrace light. Admire it. Love it. But above all, know light. Know it for all you are worth, and you will know the key to photography.
George Eastman	If a man has wealth, he has to make a choice, because there is the money heaping up. He can keep it together in a bunch, and then leave it for others to administer after he is dead. Or he can get it into action and have fun, while he is still alive. I prefer getting it into action and adapting it to human needs, and making the plan work.
George Eastman	What we do during our working hours determines what we have; what we do in our leisure hours determines what we are.
George Eastman	The progress of the world depends almost entirely upon education.
George Eastman	You push the button, we do the rest.
George Eastman	It is a medical fact that children can have a better chance in life with better looks, better health and more vigor if the teeth, nose, throat and mouth are taken proper care of at the crucial time of childhood.
George Eastman	The world is moving, and a company that contents itself with present accomplishments soon falls behind.
George Eastman	I don't believe in men waiting until they are ready to die before using any of their money for helpful purposes.
George Eastman	I used to think that music was like lace upon a garment, nice to have but not necessary. I have come to believe that music is absolutely essential to our community life.
George Eliot	It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot	Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
George Eliot	Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles.
George Eliot	Adventure is not outside man; it is within.
George Eliot	It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses we must plant more trees.
George Eliot	Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms.
George Eliot	Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
George Eliot	Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
George Eliot	Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
George Eliot	If we had a keen vision of all that is ordinary in human life, it would be like hearing the grass grow or the squirrel's heart beat, and we should die of that roar which is the other side of silence.
George Eliot	The responsibility of tolerance lies with those who have the wider vision.
George Eliot	The beginning of compunction is the beginning of a new life.
George Eliot	What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined - to strengthen each other - to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
George Eliot	The golden moments in the stream of life rush past us, and we see nothing but sand; the angels come to visit us, and we only know them when they are gone.
George Eliot	Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
George Eliot	What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
George Eliot	The world is full of hopeful analogies and handsome, dubious eggs, called possibilities.
George Eliot	It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
George Eliot	You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.
George Eliot	More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us.
George Eliot	We long for an affection altogether ignorant of our faults. Heaven has accorded this to us in the uncritical canine attachment.
George Eliot	Consequences are unpitying.
George Eliot	Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.
George Eliot	Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face.
George Eliot	It is easy to say how we love new friends, and what we think of them, but words can never trace out all the fibers that knit us to the old.
George Farquhar	Those who know the least obey the best.
George Farquhar	Captain is a good travelling name and so I take it.
George Farquhar	Grant me some wild expressions, Heavens, or I shall burst.
George Farquhar	When the blind lead the blind, no wonder they both fall into - matrimony.
George Farquhar	I have fed purely upon ale; I have eat my ale, drank my ale, and I always sleep upon ale.
George Farquhar	Necessity, the mother of invention.
George Farquhar	I believe they talked of me, for they laughed consumedly.
George Farquhar	Money is the sinews of love, as of war.
George Farquhar	Poetry is a mere drug, Sir.
George Farquhar	We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.
George Farquhar	Charming women can true converts make, We love the precepts for the teacher's sake.
George Farquhar	We are the men of intrinsic value, who can strike our fortunes out of ourselves, whose worth is independent of accidents in life, or revolutions in government: we have heads to get money, and hearts to spend it.
George Farquhar	Crimes, like virtues, are their own rewards.
George Farquhar	Spare all I have, and take my life.
George Farquhar	There is no scandal like rags, nor any crime so shameful as poverty.
George Galloway	Henry Kissinger is the greatest living war criminal in the world today, with the blood of millions of people in Vietnam and Cambodia and Laos and Chile and East Timor on his hands. He will never appear in a court or be behind bars.
George Galloway	Tony Blair will be remembered for nothing other than that he followed George W. Bush over a cliff; took the rest of us with them, and we haven't yet reached the bottom, I'm afraid.
George Galloway	I'm demanding to be prosecuted. I'm begging to be prosecuted for perjury.
George Galloway	I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel.
George Galloway	There are those who wrap themselves in flags and blow the tinny trumpet of patriotism as a means of fooling the people.
George Galloway	The big tyrants never face justice.
George Galloway	Anyone will say anything under torture.
George Galloway	We say here that if you fall down in the United States, the ambulance man must feel for your wallet before he feels for your pulse.
George Galloway	I came to declare that I am a friend to Arabs, at a time when it is not easy to be friend to Arabs, because nowadays those who have ambitions and interests would not befriend Arab.
George Galloway	I think that both men, Bush and Blair, will be damned in history. Both men have made their respective countries the two most hated countries in the world.
George Galloway	I am an opponent of Saddam Hussein, but an opponent also, of the sanctions that have killed a million Iraqi children and an opponent of the United States' apparent desire to plunge the Middle East into a new and devastating war.
George Galloway	Some things are too important to be left to the private sector.
George Galloway	It's clear enough that there was substantial fraud in Ohio, thus delivering the Electoral College vote for President Bush.
George Galloway	I care about public perception, yes. I don't care about my enemies' perception.
George Galloway	It is only losers that are prosecuted.
George Galloway	I've never had a penny through oil deals and no one has produced a shred of evidence that I have.
George Galloway	Even if you only counted the votes that actually made it through the hoops in order to be cast, the president was really Al Gore.
George Galloway	George Bush doesn't represent any civilization!
George Galloway	'9/11' came out of a swamp of hatred created by us.
George Galloway	I think that Hassan Nasrallah is the best leader in the Muslim world.
George Galloway	I was an opponent of Saddam Hussein when the British and American governments and businessmen were selling him guns and gas.
George Galloway	I have never solicited nor received money from Iraq for our campaign against war and sanctions. I have never seen a barrel of oil, never owned one, never bought one, never sold one.
George Galloway	I've had more than 12,000 emails from the United States. It's not easy in the United States to find out the email address of a British parliamentarian.
George Galloway	MRSA, which is a kind of super bug mutant, is killing 10,000 people a year in Britain.
George Galloway	I can assure you Mr. Zureikat never gave me a penny from an oil deal, a cake deal, a bread deal or from any other deal.
George Gallup	I could prove God statistically. Take the human body alone - the chances that all the functions of an individual would just happen is a statistical monstrosity.
George Gallup	Polling is merely an instrument for gauging public opinion. When a president or any other leader pays attention to poll results, he is, in effect, paying attention to the views of the people. Any other interpretation is nonsense.
George Halas	Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
George Halas	Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else.
George Halas	Find out what the other team wants to do. Then take it away from them.
George Halas	Don't do anything in practice that you wouldn't do in the game.
George Halas	San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city. I don't mean the people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy. When they boo you, you know they mean you. Music, that's what it is to me. One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
George Halas	If you live long enough, lots of nice things happen.
George Halas	Many people flounder about in life because they do not have a purpose, an objective toward which to work.
George Halas	You can achieve only that which you will do.
George Halas	When they boo you, you know they mean you.
George Hamilton	Women don't like men who know they're good looking. They'd much prefer a man who doesn't know he's good looking.
George Hamilton	I've developed a self-discipline since the time I was a child.
George Hamilton	I doubt anyone in Hollywood has had more 'dates' than me.
George Hamilton	I've never turned down an autograph request. I've never not taken a picture with someone.
George Hamilton	A lot of actors flame out.
George Hamilton	A world-class playboy once told me that the key to mesmerising women is to listen to them and look deeply into their eyes.
George Hamilton	I consume an enormous number of books, but they're always on a particular subject because I'm obsessive.
George Hamilton	I don't use the phrase 'I love you' very often, but I say it every time I talk to my children.
George Hamilton	I'm kind of like a relic from another era.
George Hamilton	Women love romance, but they're not as romantic as men.
George Hamilton	Democracy, if it meant what our forefathers said, that would be great, but unfortunately it's been corrupted by this funding and funding of campaigns. There's a much better way to do it. There could be a small amount of money given by every taxpayer to be dedicated to candidates.
George Hamilton	While I put forth the suntan and the teeth and the cavalier attitude, I've survived under the worst of eras and times, and I've always had a good time doing it, because I never really took myself seriously, nor did I take life seriously because it is already terribly serious.
George Hamilton	Acting has always been something for me that's been a romp. I just show up and I have a good time, and I hope that I get through the day and I can have lunch in the sun.
George Hamilton	It's hard for people to get their hands around fame, because it's heady stuff, and you have to look at it as being dangerous explosives, and you have to handle it with care.
George Hamilton	Once, as an experiment, I travelled around the world with a single suit. Before I left, I went to a tailor in Savile Row and asked him to make me a suit that I could wear in any climate and which I could use as a tuxedo, a dinner jacket, a lounge suit and a blazer.
George Hamilton	I always adored Cary Grant. I was fascinated by him. But I could never get too close to him.
George Hamilton	Basically, I'm a shy human being. Very introverted.
George Hamilton	I can tan quickly. What takes people hours to do, I can tan in half an hour.
George Hamilton	I'm my own doctor. I have a group of people who call me up on a weekly basis. I'm a 'doctor' without a license.
George Hamilton	I'm not somebody who runs from the press. I'm not coy. I appreciate the press I've had over the years.
George Hamilton	The truth of it is that women are far more logical than men.
George Hamilton	Women want honesty but sometimes get upset if you are honest, so you need to know when to be honest.
George Hamilton	It's my personal opinion, and I'm not espousing it to anybody else, I think your immune system and how healthy you are determines how you react to any excess of any kind.
George Hamilton	My mother was a star-struck girl from a little town in Arkansas who had gone to finishing school in New York, and whose mother had given her anything she ever wanted.
George Hamilton	I've gone to skin doctors and they'll say to you, 'We should remove this because it's pre-cancerous,' and I'll say, 'Explain pre-cancerous to me.' I'll listen for about twenty minutes and I'll say excuse me, 'Is pre-cancerous like pre-dead? So you're saying it could turn into cancer but it's not cancer?'
George Jackson	Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
George Jackson	But now with the living conditions deteriorating, and with the sure knowledge that we are slated for destruction, we have been transformed into an implacable army of liberation.
George Jackson	Most of today's black convicts have come to understand that they are the most abused victims of an unrighteous order.
George Jackson	Up until now, the prospect of parole has kept us from confronting our captors with any real determination.
George Jackson	They have learned that resistance is actually possible. The holds are beginning to slip away.
George Jackson	Very few men imprisoned for economic crimes or even crimes of passion against the oppressor feel that they are really guilty.
George Jackson	The savage repression of blacks, which can be estimated by reading the obituary columns of the nation's dailies, Fred Hampton, etc., has not failed to register on the black inmates.
George Jackson	What the Super Bowl did for us was give us a sense of urgency.
George Jean Nathan	Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
George Jean Nathan	A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.
George Jean Nathan	The path of sound credence is through the thick forest of skepticism.
George Jean Nathan	I drink to make other people interesting.
George Jean Nathan	Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.
George Jean Nathan	Patriotism is often an arbitrary veneration of real estate above principles.
George Jean Nathan	A life spent in constant labor is a life wasted, save a man be such a fool as to regard a fulsome obituary notice as ample reward.
George Jean Nathan	Bad officials are the ones elected by good citizens who do not vote.
George Jean Nathan	Love is the emotion that a woman feels always for a poodle dog and sometimes for a man.
George Jean Nathan	No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
George Jean Nathan	An optimist is a fellow who believes a housefly is looking for a way to get out.
George Jean Nathan	I know many married men, I even know a few happily married men, but I don't know one who wouldn't fall down the first open coal hole running after the first pretty girl who gave him a wink.
George Jean Nathan	Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.
George Jean Nathan	Politics is the diversion of trivial men who, when they succeed at it, become important in the eyes of more trivial men.
George Jean Nathan	Criticism is the windows and chandeliers of art: it illuminates the enveloping darkness in which art might otherwise rest only vaguely discernible, and perhaps altogether unseen.
George Jean Nathan	To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
George Jean Nathan	Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
George Jean Nathan	A man admires a woman not for what she says, but what she listens to.
George Jean Nathan	Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
George Jean Nathan	Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.
George Jean Nathan	So long as there is one pretty girl left on the stage, the professional undertakers may hold up their burial of the theater.
George Jean Nathan	A man's wife is his compromise with the illusion of his first sweetheart.
George Jean Nathan	What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
George Jean Nathan	Whenever a man encounters a woman in a mood he doesn't understand, he wants to know if she's tired.
George Jean Nathan	It is also said of me that I now and then contradict myself. Yes, I improve wonderfully as time goes on.
George Matthew Adams	Sailing a boat calls for quick action, a blending of feeling with the wind and water as well as with the very heart and soul of the boat itself. Sailing teaches alertness and courage, and gives in return a joyousness and peace that but few sports afford.
George Matthew Adams	A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation... is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run.
George Matthew Adams	I say to myself that I shall try to make my life like an open fireplace, so that people may be warmed and cheered by it and so go out themselves to warm and cheer.
George Matthew Adams	We cannot waste time. We can only waste ourselves.
George Matthew Adams	There is no such thing as a 'self-made' man. We are made up of thousands of others.
George Matthew Adams	What you think means more than anything else in your life. More than what you earn, more than where you live, more than your social position, and more than what anyone else may think about you.
George Matthew Adams	Character is greater than talent, genius, fame, money, friends - there is nothing to compare with it. A man may have all these and yet remain comparatively useless - be unhappy - and die a bankrupt in soul.
George Matthew Adams	It is a great thing to have a big brain, a fertile imagination, grand ideals, but the man with these, bereft of a good backbone, is sure to serve no useful end.
George Matthew Adams	Beauty of expression is so akin to the voice of the sea.
George Matthew Adams	It is easier to win than to fail. Everybody sides with the winner. But the failure walks alone.
George Matthew Adams	Few people wear out before their time. Mostly they rust out, worry out, run out - spill out. A machine must have care and its different parts must be adjusted properly. No machine has ever approached the human machine. When it is right, it is in health.
George Matthew Adams	No matter what your work today, if it is worth while at all - time to plan it out, time to do it well, and time to finish it, is your day's greatest gift and your greatest job.
George Matthew Adams	What is more beautiful than a sea of water with a number of white-winged boats skirting its surface? Poetry and beauty contesting with the wind and the waves!
George Matthew Adams	The birth of the baby Jesus stands as the most significant event in all history, because it has meant the pouring into a sick world the healing medicine of love which has transformed all manner of hearts for almost two thousand years.
George Matthew Adams	There are high spots in all of our lives and most of them have come about through encouragement from someone else. I don't care how great, how famous or successful a man or woman may be, each hungers for applause.
George Matthew Adams	No one owns you. One hundred per cent of the stock in your personal corporation belongs to you.
George Matthew Adams	People do not want what we have in our pockets half as much as they want what is in our hearts. If we combine both, intelligently, however, according to our means, we give wisely and well.
George Matthew Adams	Courage is heartworth making itself felt in deeds. It never waits for chances; it makes chances.
George Matthew Adams	The easiest thing in the world is to succeed. You can't help it if you follow the rules and play the game the best way you know how according to yourself, instead of according to the one next to you, or above you, or somewhere away from you.
George Matthew Adams	No one ever gets too big to make mistakes. The secret is that the big man is greater than his mistakes, because he rises right out of them and passes beyond them.
George Matthew Adams	People who look down never get much of an idea of the sky where the stars are set. And the fellow who doesn't hitch at least one or two of his wagons to a star never gets very high up. Get your eyes off the ground. Look ahead.
George Matthew Adams	It's marvelous the change that comes about when a man gets together all his forces and centers them upon the doing of one thing at a time.
George Matthew Adams	The further you get from nature, the less happy you are; and the nearer, the more exultant you become over the world and all that there is in it.
George Orwell	Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
George Orwell	Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
George Orwell	Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
George Orwell	Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
George Orwell	In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
George Orwell	People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
George Orwell	Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
George Orwell	Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
George Orwell	All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
George Orwell	The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
George Orwell	Those who 'abjure' violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf.
George Orwell	If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
George Orwell	War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
George Orwell	Prolonged, indiscriminate reviewing of books is a quite exceptionally thankless, irritating and exhausting job. It not only involves praising trash but constantly inventing reactions towards books about which one has no spontaneous feeling whatever.
George Orwell	Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
George Orwell	In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
George Orwell	To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
George Orwell	War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.
George Orwell	I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.
George Orwell	A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does not triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him.
George Orwell	It is almost universally felt that when we call a country democratic we are praising it; consequently, the defenders of every kind of regime claim that it is a democracy, and fear that they might have to stop using the word if it were tied down to any one meaning.
George Orwell	One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes a revolution in order to establish a dictatorship.
George Orwell	There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
George Orwell	Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.
George Orwell	All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting.
George Pierce Baker	Rare is the human being, immature or mature, who has never felt an impulse to pretend he is some one or something else.
George Pierce Baker	Out of the past come the standards for judging the present; standards in turn to be shaped by the practice of present-day dramatists into broader standards for the next generation.
George Pierce Baker	There is no essential difference between the material of comedy and tragedy. All depends on the point of view of the dramatist, which, by clever emphasis, he tries to make the point of view of his audience.
George Pierce Baker	What then is tragedy? In the Elizabethan period it was assumed that a play ending in death was a tragedy, but in recent years we have come to understand that to live on is sometimes far more tragic than death.
George Pierce Baker	When the drama attains a characterization which makes the play a revelation of human conduct and a dialogue which characterizes yet pleases for itself, we reach dramatic literature.
George Pierce Baker	Sensitive, responsive, eagerly welcomed everywhere, the drama, holding the mirror up to nature, by laughter and by tears reveals to mankind the world of men.
George Pierce Baker	Farce treats the improbable as probable, the impossible as possible.
George Pierce Baker	The instinct to impersonate produces the actor; the desire to provide pleasure by impersonations produces the playwright; the desire to provide this pleasure with adequate characterization and dialogue memorable in itself produces dramatic literature.
George Pierce Baker	The drama is a great revealer of life.
George Pierce Baker	Acted drama requires surrender of one's self, sympathetic absorption in the play as it develops.
George Pierce Baker	But what is drama? Broadly speaking, it is whatever by imitative action rouses interest or gives pleasure.
George Pierce Baker	In all the great periods of the drama perfect freedom of choice and subject, perfect freedom of individual treatment, and an audience eager to give itself to sympathetic listening, even if instruction be involved, have brought the great results.
George Pierce Baker	In the best farce today we start with some absurd premise as to character or situation, but if the premises be once granted we move logically enough to the ending.
George Pierce Baker	Drama read to oneself is never drama at its best, and is not even drama as it should be.
George Pierce Baker	In reading plays, however, it should always be remembered that any play, however great, loses much when not seen in action.
George Pierce Baker	No drama, however great, is entirely independent of the stage on which it is given.
George Pierce Baker	Back through the ages of barbarism and civilization, in all tongues, we find this instinctive pleasure in the imitative action that is the very essence of all drama.
George Pierce Baker	We do not kill the drama, we do not really limit its appeal by failing to encourage the best in it; but we do thereby foster the weakest and poorest elements.
George S. Patton	Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George S. Patton	I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
George S. Patton	Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
George S. Patton	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
George S. Patton	No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.
George S. Patton	If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results.
George S. Patton	The time to take counsel of your fears is before you make an important battle decision. That's the time to listen to every fear you can imagine! When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead!
George S. Patton	If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
George S. Patton	The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
George S. Patton	The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
George S. Patton	Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.
George S. Patton	Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
George S. Patton	It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived.
George S. Patton	You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
George S. Patton	Nobody ever defended anything successfully, there is only attack and attack and attack some more.
George S. Patton	Better to fight for something than live for nothing.
George S. Patton	If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened.
George S. Patton	Do your damnedest in an ostentatious manner all the time.
George S. Patton	A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
George S. Patton	We herd sheep, we drive cattle, we lead people. Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.
George S. Patton	Americans play to win at all times. I wouldn't give a hoot and hell for a man who lost and laughed. That's why Americans have never lost nor ever lose a war.
George S. Patton	A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
George S. Patton	Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable.
George S. Patton	Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
George S. Patton	Always do everything you ask of those you command.
George Sand	There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
George Sand	The artist vocation is to send light into the human heart.
George Sand	Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
George Sand	Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
George Sand	Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world; it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius.
George Sand	Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.
George Sand	Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life.
George Sand	Faith is an excitement and an enthusiasm: it is a condition of intellectual magnificence to which we must cling as to a treasure, and not squander on our way through life in the small coin of empty words, or in exact and priggish argument.
George Sand	Once my heart was captured, reason was shown the door, deliberately and with a sort of frantic joy. I accepted everything, I believed everything, without struggle, without suffering, without regret, without false shame. How can one blush for what one adores?
George Sand	Admiration and familiarity are strangers.
George Sand	Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness.
George Sand	No human creature can give orders to love.
George Sand	Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
George Sand	We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire.
George Sand	Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven.
George Sand	He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life.
George Sand	Charity degrades those who receive it and hardens those who dispense it.
George Sand	The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment; the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
George Sand	Vanity is the quicksand of reason.
George Sand	The prayers of a lover are more imperious than the menaces of the whole world.
George Sand	One approaches the journey's end. But the end is a goal, not a catastrophe.
George Sand	Every historian discloses a new horizon.
George Sand	One changes from day to day, and... after a few years have passed one has completely altered.
George Sand	I have no enthusiasm for nature which the slightest chill will not instantly destroy.
George Sand	No one makes a revolution by himself; and there are some revolutions which humanity accomplishes without quite knowing how, because it is everybody who takes them in hand.
George Santayana	The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
George Santayana	Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
George Santayana	We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past; and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
George Santayana	History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who weren't there.
George Santayana	To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
George Santayana	Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
George Santayana	The great difficulty in education is to get experience out of ideas.
George Santayana	The world is a perpetual caricature of itself; at every moment it is the mockery and the contradiction of what it is pretending to be.
George Santayana	Graphic design is the paradise of individuality, eccentricity, heresy, abnormality, hobbies and humors.
George Santayana	A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
George Santayana	A string of excited, fugitive, miscellaneous pleasures is not happiness; happiness resides in imaginative reflection and judgment, when the picture of one's life, or of human life, as it truly has been or is, satisfies the will, and is gladly accepted.
George Santayana	The Bible is a wonderful source of inspiration for those who don't understand it.
George Santayana	Nonsense is so good only because common sense is so limited.
George Santayana	An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
George Santayana	When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different.
George Santayana	To me, it seems a dreadful indignity to have a soul controlled by geography.
George Santayana	Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
George Santayana	Chaos is a name for any order that produces confusion in our minds.
George Santayana	Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.
George Santayana	It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss; volatile spirits prefer unhappiness.
George Santayana	Intelligence is quickness in seeing things as they are.
George Santayana	It is a revenge the devil sometimes takes upon the virtuous, that he entraps them by the force of the very passion they have suppressed and think themselves superior to.
George Santayana	Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
George Santayana	Wisdom comes by disillusionment.
George Santayana	Sanity is madness put to good use.
George W. Bush	Terrorist attacks can shake the foundations of our biggest buildings, but they cannot touch the foundation of America. These acts shatter steel, but they cannot dent the steel of American resolve.
George W. Bush	We will not waver; we will not tire; we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.
George W. Bush	Leadership to me means duty, honor, country. It means character, and it means listening from time to time.
George W. Bush	I want to thank you for taking time out of your day to come and witness my hanging.
George W. Bush	America is the land of the second chance - and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life.
George W. Bush	This was not an act of terrorism, but it was an act of war.
George W. Bush	We will stand up for our friends in the world. And one of the most important friends is the State of Israel. My administration will be steadfast in support Israel against terrorism and violence, and in seeking the peace for which all Israelis pray.
George W. Bush	America is a Nation with a mission - and that mission comes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace - a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman.
George W. Bush	Some folks look at me and see a certain swagger, which in Texas is called 'walking.'
George W. Bush	So, I'm lying on the couch and Laura walks in and I say, 'Free at last,' and she says 'You're free all right, you're free to do the dishes.' So I say, 'You're talking to the former president, baby,' and she said, 'consider this your new domestic policy agenda.'
George W. Bush	To those of you who received honours, awards and distinctions, I say well done. And to the C students, I say you, too, can be president of the United States.
George W. Bush	I would like to be remembered as a guy who had a set of priorities, and was willing to live by those priorities. In terms of accomplishments, my biggest accomplishment is that I kept the country safe amidst a real danger.
George W. Bush	Faith crosses every border and touches every heart in every nation.
George W. Bush	I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
George W. Bush	There's no bigger task than protecting the homeland of our country.
George W. Bush	Any government that supports, protects or harbours terrorists is complicit in the murder of the innocent and equally guilty of terrorist crimes.
George W. Bush	You teach a child to read, and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test.
George W. Bush	On September 11 2001, America felt its vulnerability even to threats that gather on the other side of the Earth. We resolved then, and we are resolved today, to confront every threat from any source that could bring sudden terror and suffering to America.
George W. Bush	America must not ignore the threat gathering against us. Facing clear evidence of peril, we cannot wait for the final proof, the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud.
George W. Bush	The action we take and the decisions we make in this decade will have consequences far into this century. If America shows weakness and uncertainty, the world will drift toward tragedy. That will not happen on my watch.
George W. Bush	Freedom itself was attacked this morning by a faceless coward, and freedom will be defended.
George W. Bush	One of my proudest moments is I didn't sell my soul for the sake of popularity.
George W. Bush	The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.
George W. Bush	Every nation in every region now has a decision to make. Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists.
George W. Bush	When you turn your heart and your life over to Christ, when you accept Christ as the savior, it changes your heart.
George Washington	My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.
George Washington	If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.
George Washington	Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.
George Washington	To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.
George Washington	It is better to be alone than in bad company.
George Washington	Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
George Washington	Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
George Washington	It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
George Washington	If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.
George Washington	Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
George Washington	The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.
George Washington	My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth.
George Washington	We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience.
George Washington	Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience.
George Washington	True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
George Washington	Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
George Washington	Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
George Washington	It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
George Washington	The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
George Washington	Impressed with a conviction that the due administration of justice is the firmest pillar of good government, I have considered the first arrangement of the judicial department as essential to the happiness of our country and to the stability of its political systemhence the selection of the fittest characters to expound the laws, and dispense justice, has been an invariable object of my anxious concern.
George Washington	The time is near at hand which must determine whether Americans are to be free men or slaves.
George Washington	The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism.
George Washington	I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.
George Washington	I can only say that there is not a man living who wishes more sincerely than I do, to see a plan adopted for the abolition of it - but there is only one proper and effectual mode by which it can be accomplished, and that is by Legislative authority: and this, as far as my suffrage will go, shall never be wanting.
George Washington	Let us raise a standard to which the wise and honest can repair; the rest is in the hands of God.
George Washington Cable	Everybody knows the Lord loveth a cheerful giver.
George Washington Cable	And in the afternoon they entered a land - but such a land! A land hung in mourning, darkened by gigantic cypresses, submerged; a land of reptiles, silence, shadow, decay.
George Washington Cable	There came to port last Sunday night the queerest little craft, without an inch of rigging on; I looked and looked - and laughed. It seemed so curious that she should cross the unknown water, and moor herself within my room - my daughter! O my daughter!
George Washington Carver	Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
George Washington Carver	Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom.
George Washington Carver	How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
George Washington Carver	Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise.
George Washington Carver	Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
George Washington Carver	When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver	When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver	There is no short cut to achievement. Life requires thorough preparation - veneer isn't worth anything.
George Washington Carver	I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
George Washington Carver	No individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind him distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.
George Washington Carver	I wanted to know the name of every stone and flower and insect and bird and beast. I wanted to know where it got its color, where it got its life - but there was no one to tell me.
George Washington Carver	Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God.
George Washington Carver	Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
George Washington Carver	Since new developments are the products of a creative mind, we must therefore stimulate and encourage that type of mind in every way possible.
George Washington Carver	Our creator is the same and never changes despite the names given Him by people here and in all parts of the world. Even if we gave Him no name at all, He would still be there, within us, waiting to give us good on this earth.
George Washington Carver	When our thoughts - which bring actions - are filled with hate against anyone, Negro or white, we are in a living hell. That is as real as hell will ever be.
George Washington Carver	If you love it enough, anything will talk with you.
George Washington Carver	Learn to do common things uncommonly well; we must always keep in mind that anything that helps fill the dinner pail is valuable.
Georges Jacques Danton	We must dare, and dare again, and go on daring.
Georges Jacques Danton	Audacity, more audacity, always audacity.
Georges Jacques Danton	In revolutions authority remains with the greatest scoundrels.
Georges Jacques Danton	Show my head to the people, it is worth seeing.
Georges Jacques Danton	The tocsin you hear today is not an alarm but an alert: it sounds the charge against our enemies.
Georges Jacques Danton	At last I perceive that in revolutions the supreme power rests with the most abandoned.
Georges Jacques Danton	In order to conquer, what we need is to dare, still to dare, and always to dare.
Georgia Jagger	Reality TV rots people's brains.
Georgia Jagger	I want to be an entrepreneur too; I like the business side of things. When I was younger I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.
Georgia Jagger	I wouldn't even have braces on my teeth. I think they are horrible and this idea that everyone should conform and be perfect is ridiculous.
Georgia Jagger	Fake tan is really difficult to get right. When I was younger, I'd always do it wrong. I'd leave it on and forget to wash it off. So I embrace being pale. I like getting a tan, but I also think that if you're going to do it, it has to be gradual. I just work the pale thing now.
Georgia Jagger	When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'
Georgia Jagger	My dad has more sparkly stuff than most men.
Georgia Jagger	I still think of my mum as being kind of a dork - a cooler one, but still a dork.
Georgia Jagger	I'm quite dyslexic in school.
Georgia Jagger	I didn't want to miss out on my education to model. I can't do just modeling.
Georgia Jagger	I really never thought about the way I looked until boys came into the picture.
Georgia Jagger	Music creates a certain mood and then people dress accordingly. I think it's all quite closely intertwined.
Georgia Jagger	My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own.
Georgia Jagger	Even when my parents were together, they both had to travel and work, and it wasn't like they had nine-to-five jobs. In that way, it wasn't a normal family life.
Georgia Jagger	I used to have a pony but I outgrew it and I do dream that one day I will live in the country and have lots of horses and be like a proper English lady who goes hunting and everything.
Georgia Jagger	I like the fact that I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap.
Georgia Jagger	I do have bad hair days. If I fall asleep with it slightly damp, I wake up and it'll all be piled up on top in a mess.
Georgia Jagger	I think all the stuff that happens before the pictures are taken is much more exciting.
Georgia Jagger	I think music influences fashion and has done so for generations.
Georgia Jagger	I think when your parents are as rebellious as mine were, it's difficult to top them. So what's the point?
Georgia Jagger	Modeling is always something I've really admired because I've seen my mum and sister do it.
Georgia Jagger	My dad's not a very intimidating father figure.
Georgia Jagger	My dad's supportive of all my endeavors.
Georgia Jagger	My mum is actually really wholesome.
Georgia Jagger	My parents never really lecture me.
Georgia Jagger	Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?
Georgia May Jagger	I'm like a middle-aged person; when my friends go on about modern bands, I don't know what they are talking about. I'm into rock n' roll, like Jimi Hendrix. Not so much because of my parents, who used to play a lot of Nina Simone and older blues, but my brother and sister.
Georgia May Jagger	My dad was fine about me doing modelling at 16 because I always said school was important to me. I always chose my jobs carefully so I wouldn't have to take too much time off. It got harder toward the end with my A-levels; there were sleepless nights, and I was doing my homework on the plane coming home, but I pulled through.
Georgia May Jagger	When I was younger, I wanted to be a vet or a tightrope walker. But I have no sense of balance, and I can't bear animals dying, so I abandoned both ideas.
Georgia May Jagger	I really like doing portraits, but I like taking pictures of things that are natural, like scenery, too.
Georgia May Jagger	I think if everyone looked the same, it would be a bit boring.
Georgia May Jagger	Material Girl is about having your own personal style, and my personal style reflects the brand's aesthetic.
Georgia May Jagger	I think my gap adds character. A while ago, on the street, a guy yelled, 'You could stick a gold through your front teeth!' Which meant I could put a 1 coin between them. But you can't. I've tried! Fifty-pence coins and 2-pence coins, yes. But not a pound.
Georgia May Jagger	We have a snap of my dad wearing blue eye shadow, which I would always make fun of. When I was about 12 and first started wearing lipstick, my dad would ask, 'Are you wearing makeup?' I would say back, 'You're wearing more makeup there than I am!'
Georgia May Jagger	Cavalli is all about being a strong woman - being sexy and powerful. Which is how we'd like to feel, all of the time! The clothes are very strong and sexy - quite Amazonian. And you feel like that yourself when you're wearing the clothes.
Georgia May Jagger	I preferred MTV as it used to be when it was about the music - I don't like it that now they just have reality shows. Reality TV rots people's brains.
Georgia May Jagger	I wouldn't even have braces on my teeth. I think they are horrible, and this idea that everyone should conform and be perfect is ridiculous. I like the fact I have good old-fashioned British teeth with a big gap. Who wants those gleaming white cosmetically enhanced American teeth?
Georgia May Jagger	When you're young, no one cares who your parents are, although Mum would arrive to pick me up in her full hair and make-up and fur, and I used to say, 'Can't you just dress normally, like all the other mums?' I wanted her to blend in more, but I've always been really proud of Mum - as proud as she is of me.
Georgia May Jagger	Fashion is about fun, you know, and I think a lot of people forget that sometimes.
Georgia May Jagger	I'm quite dyslexic in school. My dad let me figure out what I wanted to do on my own. My parents never really lecture me.
Georgia May Jagger	I always see those jeans with the stretchy front on pregnant women, and they look like the dreamiest thing ever.
Georgia May Jagger	I eat three meals a day and three juices a day.
Georgia May Jagger	I have a coconut oil stick, which I use for everything - on my eye lids to make them shinier, on my lips, and on any dry skin.
Georgia May Jagger	I love to shop vintage clothes; in London, I usually go to Relic and Alfie's Market. I usually brunch around London Bridge, where I live.
Georgia May Jagger	I model jeans. You need a bum for those.
Georgia May Jagger	I wear high heels for long legs.
Georgia May Jagger	I would like to do all kinds of things: photography and art and designing; I want to help do charity things for animals and things like that.
Georgia May Jagger	Just Cavalli for Her is a flowery and sexy fragrance. I like its freshness and feminine scent.
Georgia May Jagger	My collection has a whole new cut; they are based on the style of jeans my mum wore in Texas in the '70s.
Georgia May Jagger	I'm very interested in music, but I was not born musical. I honestly do think some people have the knack. I can't play an instrument. I'm a terrible singer. I'm not about to launch my album!
Georgia May Jagger	My problem is that I always find jeans that are either high-waisted or low-rise, but nothing in between, like they used to be in the eighties and early nineties. That's actually the most flattering cut.
Georgie Fame	In my youth I thought I was going to be a professional rugby player.
Georgie Fame	Some people think I'm a rock 'n' roll musician and some think I'm a jazz musician but, for me, there is no difference.
Georgie Fame	I avoid the media circus, keep my head down and try to keep growing and learning things.
Georgie Fame	I broke up the band in the office in Gerrard Street.
Georgie Fame	If you had a good radio - and everybody did in those days - you could find it.
Georgie Fame	My generation had the best years. We missed the Second World War and caught the outburst of rock 'n' roll.
Georgie Fame	Suckle was the first West Indian DJ and he had this fantastic source of music.
Georgie Fame	The BBC were not playing the music that was happening on the street so we did an independent production because we knew we had an audience. Then we licensed the album to EMI.
Georgie Fame	We were at Pye Studios for half an hour so we set the gear up and we did two tracks. A month later we found out it was selling thirty thousand copies a day.
Georgina Haig	Being Australian, I'm probably more used to sunshine and the beach. I've never been skiing, and I think I was already in my 20s when I saw snow for the first time.
Georgina Haig	Australians just don't see that many Australian films, but it's also our responsibility as filmmakers and the responsibility of the funding bodies to remember that audiences want to be entertained, and people are entertained in lots of different ways.
Georgina Haig	When Disney was creating Elsa, they based a lot of her movements on that of a ballerina, which was interesting for me to find out because I actually did ballet years ago. That definitely informed some of the ways I made her walk and move.
Gerald Edelman	Science is imagination in the service of the verifiable truth, and that service is indeed communal. It cannot be rigidly planned. Rather, it requires freedom and courage and the plural contributions of many different kinds of people who must maintain their individuality while giving to the group.
Gerald Edelman	Consciousness allows you the capacity to plan.
Gerald Edelman	Your brain develops depending on your individual history. What has gone on in your own brain and its consciousness over your lifetime is not repeatable, ever - not with identical twins, not even with conjoined twins.
Gerald Edelman	Each brain is exposed to different circumstances. It's very likely that your brain is unique in the history of the universe.
Gerald Edelman	The computer is not, in our opinion, a good model of the mind, but it is as the trumpet is to the orchestra - you really need it. And so, we have very massive simulations in computers because the problem is, of course, very complex.
Gerald Edelman	Many cognitive psychologists see the brain as a computer. But every single brain is absolutely individual, both in its development and in the way it encounters the world.
Geraldine Ferraro	You don't have to have fought in a war to love peace.
Geraldine Ferraro	I'd call it a new version of voodoo economics, but I'm afraid that would give witch doctors a bad name.
Geraldine Ferraro	I readily admit I was not an expert on foreign policy but I was knowledgeable and I didn't need a man who was the Vice President of the United States and my opponent turning around and putting me down.
Geraldine Ferraro	I do believe in the power of prayer.
Geraldine Ferraro	The polls indicated that I was feisty, that I was tough, that I had a sense of humor, but they weren't quite sure if they liked me and they didn't know whether or not that I was sensitive.
Geraldine Ferraro	See that's a goal that I think it's very good in the debate to find out who the person is.
Geraldine Ferraro	But I do think its necessary to have debates.
Geraldine Ferraro	I have been extremely lucky; I am a person who is currently living with a cancer that is under control.
Geraldine Ferraro	I'm a happy camper because by doing this I have an opportunity to be on the cutting edge of research.
Geraldine Ferraro	If you think somebody cares about you and believes your life is worth saving, how can you give up?
Geraldine Ferraro	My desk drawer is filled with all kinds of prayers.
Geraldine Ferraro	President Reagan's one-liners were terrific.
Geraldine Ferraro	Vice president - it has such a nice ring to it!
Geraldine Ferraro	And it was, it was not beating George Bush, believe it or not, the bottom line as far as I was concerned was introducing to the public who Gerry Ferraro was.
Geraldine Ferraro	We had prepared, my staff had prepared for me a whole dossier on virtually - on George Bush on his votes on his records, what he had done over the past number of years in public service.
Geraldine Ferraro	I didn't look very sensitive and they didn't know me very well.
Geraldine Ferraro	People who live through transplants or disasters like Sept. 11 are survivors.
Geraldine Ferraro	You people married to Italian men, you know what it's like.
Geraldine Ferraro	I didn't serve on a committee that dealt with foreign policy.
Geraldine Ferraro	I don't consider myself a survivor; that's someone who has gone through something terrible.
Geraldine Ferraro	I don't like to practice ahead of time what I'm going to say.
Geraldine Ferraro	I enjoyed debate on the floor but it's not really debate in the same way.
Geraldine Ferraro	I was a trial lawyer when I was elected to Congress.
Geraldine Ferraro	If you ask me a question, don't tell me what the question is in advance, 'cause I'd rather not know.
Geraldine Ferraro	The bottom line as far as I was concerned was presenting to the public who Gerry Ferraro was.
Geri Halliwell	There will always be a few people who just want to knock you down or are jealous or just want to be horrible for the sake of it. I don't know what drives someone to be nasty.
Geri Halliwell	My daughter is the biggest gift; I've said it so many times and it sounds like a cliche, but the thing about being a parent is when you think you've cracked it, and you're on top of your game, they change again and you have to catch up and adjust. I feel such a responsibility to instill good values in her, to be polite, to have discipline.
Geri Halliwell	A lot of people have said that I've got a voice that speaks to children. I think I've got a natural naivety to me. I'm childish.
Geri Halliwell	I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm damn well gonna do it!
Geri Halliwell	I just feel that the only power I have is setting a good example.
Geri Halliwell	'Spice Girls' is about unifying the world - every age, every gender, everyone. It's woman power, it's an essence, a tribe.
Geri Halliwell	Being mean about other people isn't on my radar.
Geri Halliwell	I have never sung a whole song on my own before and I am not the best dancer in the world, but I would rather try and fall than not not try at all.
Geri Halliwell	I was a late starter on the romantic front. I didn't start dating until I was in my 30s.
Geri Halliwell	I have a history of eating disorders but, as a mother, you think of being an example to your child. I'm so much more balanced than I was.
Geri Halliwell	I love being on the beach - it's my favourite place. I can chill out, read, listen to music, play with my daughter.
Geri Halliwell	The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing.
Geri Halliwell	I've learnt that if I tell myself I'm not allowed something, I binge on it later. So if I want chocolate, I have chocolate. If I want biscuits, I have biscuits. I love cake. I just love cake.
Geri Halliwell	I think it's unnecessary to be mean for the sake of being mean, but I do believe you have to be truthful, but with love.
Geri Halliwell	If people choose to engage on a one-dimensional level that's fine. But going beyond the surface can enrich ourselves as human beings.
Geri Halliwell	I like doing accents. One of my friends works in hotel reservations and I'll ring her up and complain about the suite. Sometimes I get her.
Geri Halliwell	Becoming a solo singer is like going from an eau de toilette to a perfume. It's much more intense.
Geri Halliwell	We are obsessed with image. I don't think we should take it that seriously.
Geri Halliwell	Being a celebrity, you can remain a child for ever, almost. You get away with more; you can get too pampered and it's not healthy.
Geri Halliwell	For me, reading was always the great escape without getting your fingers burnt.
Geri Halliwell	I have the most ridiculous TV crush on Michael McIntyre. I fell in love watching him on 'Britain's Got Talent'.
Geri Halliwell	I know that I've overfed myself trying to prop myself up because I'm exhausted.
Geri Halliwell	I won't mention the word tired. This is the 20th century and I can go around a little faster.
Geri Halliwell	I'd never choose to turn the clock back.
Geri Halliwell	I've always made my own clothes since I was a little girl. I was a terrible sewer, but I was always cutting and customising.
Gerry Adams	The days of humiliation, of second-class citizens and of inequality are over and gone forever.
Gerry Adams	One man's transparency is another's humiliation.
Gerry Adams	We have to make sure the Good Friday Agreement works.
Gerry Adams	It will always be a battle a day between those who want maximum change and those who want to maintain the status quo.
Gerry Adams	Making peace, I have found, is much harder than making war.
Gerry Adams	If you militarise a situation, you beg for an armed response.
Gerry Adams	In the past I have defended the right of the IRA to engage in armed struggle. I did so because there was no alternative for those who would not bend the knee, or turn a blind eye to oppression, or for those who wanted a national republic.
Gerry Adams	For over 30 years, the IRA showed that the British government could not rule Ireland on its own terms.
Gerry Adams	Your determination, selflessness and courage have brought the freedom struggle towards its fulfilment.
Gerry Adams	Sinn Fein has the potential and capacity to become the vehicle for the attainment of republican objectives.
Gerry Adams	The Good Friday Agreement and the basic rights and entitlements of citizens that are enshrined within it must be defended and actively promoted by London and Dublin.
Gerry Adams	Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
Gerry Adams	If I didn't forgive the people who took me into the barracks and beat me unconscious over a period of days during the period when the British state was indicted for inhuman and degrading treatment in 1971-72, or even the guys who shot me, if you don't forgive them, you end up with unnecessary baggage.
Gerry Adams	But I also hold the very strong view that republicans need to lead by example.
Gerry Adams	At that time, the army leadership said the implementation of this agreement would allow everyone, including the IRA, to take its political objectives forward by peaceful and democratic means.
Gerry Adams	Republican patience with how unionism deals with the political institutions, and with key issues like equality and human rights, will be tested because, obviously, there will be a battle a day on these matters. So lets face up to all of this with our eyes wide open.
Gerry Adams	The last months, weeks and days have seen accelerating discussions, involving the DUP for the first time, about a comprehensive agreement which would see all outstanding matters dealt with and the Good Friday Agreement implemented in full.
Gerry Adams	We can be revisionist, and that's a good thing to be at times, but we shouldn't airbrush our history, so we can only make judgments in the objective conditions of that time.
Gerry Adams	Such decisions will be far reaching and difficult. But you never lacked courage in the past. Your courage is now needed for the future.
Gerry Adams	The Irish Republican Army has kept every commitment made by its leadership.
Gerry Adams	Sinn Fein has productively taken the example of South Africa and, as we develop the peace process, we continue to use examples from South Africa.
Gerry Adams	In this context the British and Irish governments will have to promote a new, imaginative and dynamic alternative in which both governments will share power in the north.
Gerry Adams	War... some people glamorise war and glorify war. It's not nice, from whatever point of view you come from.
Gerry Adams	For good or ill, I'm a person of leadership. I do my best. I don't dodge responsibility.
Gerry Adams	I think the worst kind of grief is unacknowledged grief.
Gianni Agnelli	And I don't say that we didn't expect it, but we were pleasantly surprised to see the generosity of their foreign policy; and the generosity of their foreign policy at that moment was expressed through the Marshall Plan.
Gianni Agnelli	Italy in the first years got food, for the first year or the first periods got food. Then we got raw materials and then we got tool machines, let's say, instruments for working.
Gianni Agnelli	The factories were heavily bombed, but practically the construction work had been redone very quickly.
Gianni Agnelli	And the buying of new machinery meant not only the possibility of production, but even the new technology, 'cos as I mentioned before, we were back of seven, eight years.
Gianni Agnelli	Well, the Communists at that moment were very strong in Italy and the Italian Communist Party was the biggest Communist Party outside Soviet Union, there's no doubt about that.
Gianni Agnelli	All the technology of our production was still pre-War. They were sort of '38, '39 and the War had been stable and so we were infinitely behind whatever had been going on in the United States for instance.
Gianni Agnelli	I mean, what Fiat had it was not very big, it was something like forty or fifty million dollars, but it's enough to get revolving credit, to get starting away again, the buying of new machinery.
Gianni Agnelli	Now between '45 and '48, things would change enormously, 'cos we'd had credit in United States, credit from the Bank of America, credit from the Import-Export Bank and people had started working again.
Gianni Agnelli	Well, Italy had been overrun by the War, there had practically been civil war, north and south of the Gothic Line, heavy bombing, the northern industrial cities had been bombed heavily and we had political disorder before 1948.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The true object of all human life is play. Earth is a task garden; heaven is a playground.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The object of a New Year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes. Unless a particular man made New Year resolutions, he would make no resolutions. Unless a man starts afresh about things, he will certainly do nothing effective.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	One sees great things from the valley; only small things from the peak.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	There are no rules of architecture for a castle in the clouds.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The word 'good' has many meanings. For example, if a man were to shoot his grandmother at a range of five hundred yards, I should call him a good shot, but not necessarily a good man.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The aim of life is appreciation; there is no sense in not appreciating things; and there is no sense in having more of them if you have less appreciation of them.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	White... is not a mere absence of colour; it is a shining and affirmative thing, as fierce as red, as definite as black... God paints in many colours; but He never paints so gorgeously, I had almost said so gaudily, as when He paints in white.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	No man who worships education has got the best out of education... Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Tolerance is the virtue of the man without convictions.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	A stiff apology is a second insult... The injured party does not want to be compensated because he has been wronged; he wants to be healed because he has been hurt.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and not tried.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to that arrogant oligarchy who merely happen to be walking around.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	The most dangerous criminal now is the entirely lawless modern philosopher. Compared to him, burglars and bigamists are essentially moral men.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	All conservatism is based upon the idea that if you leave things alone you leave them as they are. But you do not. If you leave a thing alone you leave it to a torrent of change.
Gilbert K. Chesterton	All architecture is great architecture after sunset; perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Gilbert Parker	Love knows not distance; it hath no continent; its eyes are for the stars.
Gilbert Parker	There is no influence like the influence of habit.
Gilbert Parker	There is no refuge from memory and remorse in this world. The spirits of our foolish deeds haunt us, with or without repentance.
Gilbert Parker	It is not the broken heart that kills, but broken pride, monseigneur.
Gilbert Parker	It's the people who try to be clever who never are; the people who are clever never think of trying to be.
Gilbert Parker	He knew the lie of silence to be as evil as the lie of speech.
Gilbert Parker	The real business of life is trying to understand each other.
Gilbert Parker	War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.
Gilbert Parker	Man is born in a day, and he dies in a day, and the thing is easily over; but to have a sick heart for three-fourths of one's lifetime is simply to have death renewed every morning; and life at that price is not worth living.
Gilbert Parker	In all secrets there is a kind of guilt, however beautiful or joyful they may be, or for what good end they may be set to serve. Secrecy means evasion, and evasion means a problem to the moral mind.
Gilbert Parker	For when a child is born the mother also is born again.
Gilbert Parker	Nothing is so unproductive as the law. It is expensive whether you win or lose.
Gilbert Parker	Imagination is at the root of much that passes for love.
Gilbert Parker	Memory is man's greatest friend and worst enemy.
Gilbert Parker	Every man should have laws of his own, I should think; commandments of his own, for every man has a different set of circumstances wherein to work - or worry.
Gilbert Parker	He came by a leap to the goal of purpose, not by the toilsome steps of reason. On the instant his headlong spirit declared his purpose: this was the one being for him in all the world: at this altar he would light a lamp of devotion, and keep it burning forever.
Gilbert Parker	She belongs to a race of delightful women, who never do any harm, whom everybody calls good, and who are very severe on those who do not pretend to be good.
Gilbert Parker	It must be remembered that the sea is a great breeder of friendship. Two men who have known each other for twenty years find that twenty days at sea bring them nearer than ever they were before, or else estrange them.
Gilbert Parker	Tomorrow is no man's gift.
Gilbert Parker	There's no credit in not doing what you don't want to do. There's no virtue in not falling, when you're not tempted.
Gilbert Parker	Every shot that kills ricochets.
Gilbert Parker	But paying is part of the game of life: it is the joy of buying that we crave.
Gillian Jacobs	I think that there are a lot of really beautiful Christmas carols, and then sometimes there are horrible renditions of them that are played to death in malls that make me sad. I try to avoid stores where they're playing bad versions of Christmas songs on repeat.
Gillian Jacobs	'Fresh Air' I listen to, like, every day.
Gillian Jacobs	You can convey a lot of emotion with just some eyebrows and mouth movement.
Gillian Jacobs	I think maybe my mom thought that Katharine Hepburn would be a good role model of, like, a strong, smart, independent woman. Maybe she steered me in that direction. You know, because she was really so ahead of her time.
Gillian Jacobs	I like the 'Moth' podcast a lot. I listen to that.
Gillian Jacobs	I am trying to break free from my stripes addiction, but the pull is strong! I need help buying non-stripes.
Gillian Jacobs	Some girls say they don't feel comfortable in flats, they only feel comfortable in heels; I am not one of those girls.
Gillian Jacobs	Things are never simple when it comes to the human heart.
Gillian Jacobs	My inners are not organs. They're actually mechanics, so I have a hole in my back, wind me up like the movie 'Hugo,' and then just say, 'Act,' you know?
Gillian Jacobs	There were definitely bands and musicians I liked that drove my mother insane. I probably liked them all the more for it! Bjork drove my mom nuts. What I listened to was actually pretty mom-friendly for the most part. I wasn't very rebellious.
Gillian Jacobs	I'm not conservative, but I am kind of clean living in my own life.
Gillian Jacobs	Even something as stupid as Vine videos makes you feel like you're making things on your own.
Gillian Jacobs	I am not a big 'Hunger Games' fan.
Gillian Jacobs	I am very up front about about my inability to pronounce things correctly.
Gillian Jacobs	I think there's a sort of satisfaction in defying people's expectations.
Gillian Jacobs	I've been getting into drinking smoothies in the morning - I like those a lot.
Gillian Jacobs	It really does mean so much when your cast mates, who you respect so much, tell you that you made them laugh.
Gillian Jacobs	We're all slight hypocrites who fall short of our ideals.
Gillian Jacobs	When you can impress your mom by saying you've been to someone's concert, you know you're pretty lame.
Gillian Jacobs	A friend of mine wrote a script, a feminist romantic comedy. She had a feminist scholar consult on it. My friend said, 'Oh, my friend Gillian read it and really loved it.' She goes, 'Gillian Jacobs, you mean: Britta Perry, feminist icon?'
Gillian Jacobs	I've gotten super into restaurants in L.A., so I try to go to different restaurants all the time... that's a good way to explore L.A.: you can drive to a restaurant and discover a new neighborhood.
Gillian Jacobs	It's funny shooting movies because you get to see clubs during daylight hours, which no one should ever see - it's not pretty; there's a reason the lighting is dim in there.
Gillian Jacobs	A lot of my friends are guys, so I'm used to bro antics.
Gillian Jacobs	A lot of people watch 'Community,' but DVR viewings only count if you watch within a certain time.
Gillian Jacobs	Acting by yourself is pretty darn hard, especially having to do physical comedy.
Gina Carano	I think there's a part in each one of us that wants the impossible to happen, and that's what surprises are.
Gina Carano	You shouldn't be greedy. You should feel good about yourself and not be greedy of what other people have.
Gina Carano	When I throw a punch, I mean it.
Gina Carano	I don't mind answering any questions, because I'm not just a fighter. I'm a lot more than that.
Gina Carano	I like fighting because it's honest.
Gina Carano	It's a very big deal to me to remain the same person because I know all of this is going to be gone one day and I'm just going to have myself.
Gina Carano	My knowledge of video games ends with Nintendo 'Mario Bros.'
Gina Carano	Well you know, I have the utmost respect for people like Angelina Jolie and Zoe Saldana in 'Colombiana. '
Gina Carano	A lot of people enjoyed the film 'Haywire' and a lot of people have mixed feelings on it but regardless, a lot of people have said really wonderful things about it being my first experience, that the fighting they absolutely enjoyed. So I think I've gotten a lot more fans, actually.
Gina Carano	I have gotten some of the most beautiful experiences that a person can possibly ask for so I'm not at all complaining.
Gina Carano	I know I'm always rooting for the underdog in a fight, and I love to be constantly surprised.
Gina Carano	I wake up every morning and I surprise myself. I wake up to a new me.
Gina Carano	Since I've started fighting it has taught me a lot about self respect, self confidence and self control.
Gina Carano	I definitely don't want to be one of those athletes who turns into a cheesy actress.
Gina Carano	I want people to see me for who I am and not for how someone else is trying to promote me.
Gina Carano	Sometimes, you get portrayed the way you don't want to be portrayed.
Gina Carano	Fighting is my career, it's what I love to do, but I am taking offers and trying to expand because the more I expand myself, the more valuable I become to promoters.
Gina Carano	Everybody is their own critic.
Gina Carano	It's a constant battle for everybody, but you need to be happy with yourself.
Gina Carano	I think I came up in fighting in a really technical way. If you've ever seen my fights, you know I love distance, I love technique.
Gina Carano	Fighting is very physical and extreme and you're very vulnerable. It's a very mental type of thing.
Gina Carano	I am always training because I love it.
Gina Carano	I am not a violent person. I actually don't like to hurt people.
Gina Carano	I don't get paid what people think I get paid for fighting.
Gina Carano	I find that whoever you are as a person is how you're gonna fight, and every basic instinct kind of comes out at that moment.
Ginger Baker	They credited us with the birth of that sort of heavy metal thing. Well, if that's the case, there should be an immediate abortion.
Ginger Baker	I'd rather play jazz, I hate rock and roll.
Ginger Baker	I think the American government is now the most corrupt government in the world.
Ginger Baker	If I am playing any music at all it is jazz music.
Ginger Baker	I have never had a great love of the music business, I never have.
Ginger Baker	I have never taken more than two weeks to record an album throughout my career.
Giovanni Agnelli	And the Marshall Plan, to us, meant a general who had turned into a secretary of state, and that the secretary of state saw the necessity of the reconstruction of these European countries that had suffered so heavily.
Giovanni Agnelli	I believe that we were very, very lucky that it went that way.
Giovanni Agnelli	Well, in 1947... in Europe and in Italy especially, we thought of America as all-powerful.
Giovanni Agnelli	The Communists at that moment were very strong in Italy, and the Italian Communist Party was the biggest Communist Party outside the Soviet Union.
Giovanni Agnelli	In the immediate postwar years, the whole of Europe was in a recession. So first of all, it helped us step out of a recession; it gave a certain amount of speed to the economy. But that was the first step.
Giovanni Falcone	He who doesn't fear death dies only once.
Giraldus Cambrensis	No one of this nation ever begs, for the houses of all are common to all; and they consider liberality and hospitality amongst the first virtues.
Giraldus Cambrensis	It is remarkable that this people, though unarmed, dares attack an armed foe; the infantry defy the cavalry, and by their activity and courage generally prove victors.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Since, therefore, no man is born without faults, and he is esteemed the best whose errors are the least, let the wise man consider everything human as connected with himself; for in worldly affairs there is no perfect happiness under heaven.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Not addicted to gluttony or drunkenness, this people who incur no expense in food or dress, and whose minds are always bent upon the defence of their country, and on the means of plunder, are wholly employed in the care of their horses and furniture.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Evil borders upon good, and vices are confounded with virtues; as the report of good qualities is delightful to a well-disposed mind, so the relation of the contrary should not be offensive.
Giraldus Cambrensis	These people being of a sharp and acute intellect, and gifted with a rich and powerful understanding, excel in whatever studies they pursue, and are more quick and cunning than the other inhabitants of a western clime.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Nor do I think that any other nation than this of Wales, nor any other language, whatever may hereafter come to pass, shall on the day of severe examination before the Supreme Judge, answer for this corner of the earth.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Wales was in ancient times divided into three parts nearly equal, consideration having been paid, in this division, more to the value than to the just quantity or proportion of territory.
Giraldus Cambrensis	From these inconsiderable attempts, some idea may be formed with what success, should Fortune afford an opportunity, I am likely to treat matters of greater importance.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Happy and fortunate indeed would this nation be, nay, completely blessed, if it had good prelates and pastors, and but one prince, and that prince a good one.
Giraldus Cambrensis	Nature hath given not only to the highest, but also to the inferior, classes of the people of this nation, a boldness and confidence in speaking and answering, even in the presence of their princes and chieftains.
Giraldus Cambrensis	The men and women cut their hair close round to the ears and eyes. The women, after the manner of the Parthians, cover their heads with a large white veil, folded together in the form of a crown.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food; I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	Ah, no, far be from me a thought which I loathe like poison.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces; they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	Yes, young men, Italy owes to you an undertaking which has merited the applause of the universe. You have conquered and you will conquer still, because you are prepared for the tactics that decide the fate of battles.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	I utter this word with deepest affection and from the very bottom of my heart.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	We shall meet again before long to march to new triumphs.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	If these hands, used to fighting, would be acceptable to His Holiness, we most thankfully dedicate them to the service of him who deserves so well of the Church and of the fatherland.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	To this wonderful page in our country's history another more glorious still will be added, and the slave shall show at last to his free brothers a sharpened sword forged from the links of his fetters.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	Apart from these, let all others remain to guard our glorious banners.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	Let those only return to their homes who are called by the imperative duties which they owe to their families, and those who by their glorious wounds have deserved the credit of their country.
Giuseppe Garibaldi	The priest is the personification of falsehood.
Glen Campbell	I like to start the day early, it keeps me out of trouble.
Glen Campbell	Some people have said that I can 'hear' a hit song, meaning that I can tell the first time a song is played for me if it has potential. I have been able to hear some of the hits that way, but I can also 'feel' one.
Glen Campbell	I guess I'm like Roger Miller who used to say that he didn't have as many jokes as he thought he did.
Glen Campbell	I would have been content to just do studio work, making it on my own never really entered my mind.
Glenda Jackson	When I have to cry, I think about my love life. When I have to laugh, I think about my love life.
Glenda Jackson	Acting is not about dressing up. Acting is about stripping bare. The whole essence of learning lines is to forget them so you can make them sound like you thought of them that instant.
Glenda Jackson	I used to believe that anything was better than nothing. Now I know that sometimes nothing is better.
Glenda Jackson	I have never believed you make your case stronger by bad-mouthing your opposition.
Glenda Jackson	You've got to sing like you don't need the money.
Glenda Jackson	I want to do a musical movie. Like Evita, but with good music.
Glenda Jackson	It would be nice if education was free to everyone who wanted it, but that's not the world we live in.
Glenda Jackson	Why put make-up on when you only have to take it off again?
Glenda Jackson	I look forward to growing old and wise and audacious.
Glenda Jackson	I told them I wouldn't sign a blank cheque.
Glenda Jackson	I've always been ambitious to be very good at what I do.
Glenda Jackson	One hell of an outlay for a very small return, with most of them.
Glenda Jackson	Men can be a great deal of work for very little reward.
Glenda Jackson	My money goes to my agent, then to my accountant and from him to the tax man.
Glenda Jackson	If I'm too strong for some people, that's their problem.
Glenn Danzig	I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.
Glenn Danzig	In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!
Glenn Danzig	Al Gore wanted to tell people what they could listen to and what they couldn't, what they could record. It was basically coming down to the idea that he wouldn't let anybody record any music that he didn't think you should be doing. There was going to be an organization that would tell you what you could and couldn't record.
Glenn Danzig	I just told you I wasn't a Satanist.
Glenn Danzig	To some people heavy metal is Motorhead and to others it's Judas Priest.
Glenn Danzig	We're doing Circle of Snakes, we open up with Skin Carver and we are throwing in Skull Forest later on.
Glenn Danzig	But when you get to a song, not only do you have to do a vocal melody, you have to write words and not be redundant and make some semblance of a story.
Glenn Danzig	Whether I'm doing music or I'm walking down the street or I'm in a record store buying a record or I walk into a comic store and I'm buying comics or having a drink with my friends, it's the same me.
Glenn Danzig	I wish the Libertarian Party would get more play in the media but they don't.
Glenn Danzig	People don't realize that they're being played by the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, but more so by the Democratic Party because the Democratic Party does not want another party in there.
Glenn Danzig	But the Danzig unreleased stuff will be either a single or a double CD.
Glenn Danzig	Wars have always started over religion.
Glenn Danzig	We still have pretty good sales, especially for the art books.
Glenn Danzig	You know I take music seriously, right? So I expect journalists to take being a journalist seriously.
Glenn Danzig	My view on Democrats is that they're fascists disguised as liberals, or liberal moderates. You're not allowed to say anything they don't agree with. You're not allowed to do anything.
Glenn Danzig	My idea of covers is that you should never cover a song and do it exactly like the artist because everyone's always going to compare it to the way the original artists did it, and they're just going to go, 'Oh I like the original better.'
Glenn Danzig	We probably put about four or five comic books out a year and probably about two or three art books and various trade paperbacks - maybe four or five of those a year - and that's what we do now.
Glenn Danzig	I think the key to being a journalist is getting your subject to feel comfortable enough to talk about stuff they want to talk about and the stuff they like and don't like, and still feel comfortable about it.
Glenn Danzig	The Democratic party has gone so far to the left that people just can't relate to it anymore and the Republican party is trying to go totally to the right.
Glenn Danzig	I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring.
Glenn Danzig	It's not like that anymore really, but back in the day, nobody would let the Misfits open up for them, not the Ramones, not the Cramps, nobody.
Glenn Danzig	But unfortunately, I have to say, one out of every 100 interviews I do, I get a real journalist.
Glenn Danzig	I don't think there's a back lot here in Hollywood anymore that has those streets, like a French Quarter.
Glenn Danzig	I know they are going to be doing a box set in Europe of Danzig 5 and 6 and some other stuff.
Glenn Danzig	Of course, I started really being a comics fan with the underground stuff in the '70s.
Gloria Gaither	In working with people across the country and around the world, I've come to know that most of us go through times that re-route our prayer life.
Gloria Gaither	Scripture has always been a part of my life. My dad was a pastor. My mother was a speaker, writer, and teacher. I memorized Scripture from the time I was little.
Gloria Gaither	I never set out to write prayers at all. But there was a span of time when I didn't find it easy to pray, but, when I went to write one of the things I had to write, a prayer would come.
Godfrey Gao	My childhood dream was to play basketball, actually.
Godfrey Gao	In Asia, it is very hectic - there is no overtime, no holidays, no weekends. It's pretty rushed because they are trying to cut the deadline.
Godfrey Gao	Sometimes I read that I'm not 100 per cent Chinese, because I don't look all that Chinese. That's a strange one - I am Chinese.
Godfrey Gao	I like a lot of food. I like Taiwanese food, of course. I like baguettes, especially the ones that my dad buys. Vancouver has a lot of variety, with pizza, hot dogs, Italian, Indian, seafood - a great combination of culture.
Godfrey Gao	I kind of got into TV when I went to visit a show my brother was working on. Soon I got the second lead in a TV show.
Godfrey Gao	After I grew some facial hair, I looked a bit older, and I guess that's what the modeling world wanted because I started booking more luxury brands.
Godfrey Gao	Hopefully, I can cross over into Hollywood, and hopefully that will bring me a bigger name in China.
Godfrey Gao	'The Mortal Instruments' is based on a series of novels by Cassandra Clare; it has been a New York Times bestseller, so it is pretty popular.
Godfrey Gao	Hopefully I can go back and forth from the United States to Asia. I feel joint productions could be the way of the future. I'll need a private plane to charter the international waters!
Godfrey Gao	I like Taiwanese food, of course. I like baguettes, especially the ones that my dad buys. Vancouver has a lot of variety, with pizza, hot dogs, Italian, Indian, seafood - a great combination of culture.
Godfrey Gao	My brother's friend worked at a TV station, so we went in; the producer of a show asked if I wouldn't mind taking some photos for his wife, who was a talent agent. Next thing I know, I'm enroute to the agency.
Godfried Danneels	Global warming has melted the polar ice caps, raised the levels of the oceans and flooded the earth's great cities. Despite its evident prosperity, New Jersey is scarcely Utopia.
Godfried Danneels	The word survivor suggests someone who has emerged alive from a plane crash or a natural disaster. But the word can also refer to the loved ones of murder victims, and this was the sense in which it was used at a four-day conference in early June at Boston College.
Godfried Danneels	Artificial Intelligence leaves no doubt that it wants its audiences to enter a realm of pure fantasy when it identifies one of the last remaining islands of civilization as New Jersey.
Godfried Danneels	Rome should sometimes intervene and say this or that is not in conformity with the Catholic faith. Theologians should understand that. Some theologians go too far, for example, reducing the Catholic faith to a universal philosophy.
Godfried Danneels	Accusations are made directly to Rome about theologians from persons who are not theologians. Some of these accusations are anonymous. The local bishop should be the one to relate to theologians to determine orthodoxy.
Godfried Danneels	There is a very well-defined procedure that allows the Vatican to raise issues with a particular theologian about something that does not appear in conformity with the Catholic faith. It is not always easy to make this determination.
Godfried Danneels	Before Vatican II, in theology, as in other areas, the discipline was fixed. After the council there has been a revolution - a chaotic revolution - with free discussion on everything. There is now no common theology or philosophy as there was before.
Godfried Danneels	Our theology is still in a time of crisis, and I think this will last for some years more.
Godfried Danneels	At synods, I usually wait about a week before I speak. First I listen. I feel the temperature. I listen to what has been said, what has not been said, and what I think needs to be said at that point.
Godfried Danneels	I prepared my intervention the night before I spoke. As it happened, there were about 44 cardinals who wished to speak but could not because there was not enough time. I was one of the last to speak.
Godfried Danneels	The problem for Rome, then, is how and when the intervention should be done with a sense of the possibility of going too far in limiting the freedom of theologians. This is not an easy time - neither for Rome nor for the theologians.
Golda Meir	Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Golda Meir	I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Golda Meir	Not being beautiful was the true blessing. Not being beautiful forced me to develop my inner resources. The pretty girl has a handicap to overcome.
Golda Meir	You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity.
Golda Meir	Old age is like a plane flying through a storm. Once you're aboard, there's nothing you can do.
Golda Meir	Let me tell you something that we Israelis have against Moses. He took us 40 years through the desert in order to bring us to the one spot in the Middle East that has no oil!
Golda Meir	Don't be humble... you're not that great.
Golda Meir	Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse.
Golda Meir	We Jews have a secret weapon in our struggle with the Arabs; we have no place to go.
Golda Meir	The dog that trots about finds a bone.
Golda Meir	There can be no doubt that the average man blames much more than he praises. His instinct is to blame. If he is satisfied he says nothing; if he is not, he most illogically kicks up a row.
Golda Meir	A leader who doesn't hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader.
Golda Meir	I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
Golda Meir	We do not rejoice in victories. We rejoice when a new kind of cotton is grown and when strawberries bloom in Israel.
Golda Meir	To be or not to be is not a question of compromise. Either you be or you don't be.
Golda Meir	One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present.
Golda Meir	Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart, don't know how to laugh either.
Golda Meir	We don't thrive on military acts. We do them because we have to, and thank God we are efficient.
Golda Meir	It's no accident many accuse me of conducting public affairs with my heart instead of my head. Well, what if I do? Those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart don't know how to laugh either.
Golda Meir	The Egyptians could run to Egypt, the Syrians into Syria. The only place we could run was into the sea, and before we did that we might as well fight.
Golda Meir	It is true we have won all our wars, but we have paid for them. We don't want victories anymore.
Golda Meir	There's no difference between one's killing and making decisions that will send others to kill. It's exactly the same thing, or even worse.
Golda Meir	Above all, this country is our own. Nobody has to get up in the morning and worry what his neighbors think of him. Being a Jew is no problem here.
Golda Meir	I don't know why you use a fancy French word like detente when there's a good English phrase for it - cold war.
Golda Meir	To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
Goodman Ace	The best cure for hypochondria is to forget about your body and get interested in someone else's.
Goodman Ace	I keep reading between the lies.
Goodman Ace	I would have answered your letter sooner, but you didn't send one.
Goodman Ace	Politics makes estranged bedfellows.
Goodman Ace	TV - a clever contraction derived from the words Terrible Vaudeville. However, it is our latest medium - we call it a medium because nothing's well done.
Goodman Ace	Moon rocks are OK when everyone is eating.
Goran Ivanisevic	At her birthday, my seven-year-old daughter will say that she wants these big cakes and certain expensive toys as presents, and I can't say no to her. It would just break my heart. But when I was little, for birthdays we just played outside and we were happy if we got any cake.
Goran Ivanisevic	My sporting hero was Drazen Petrovic, the NBA basketball player, who was killed in a car accident in 1993. He was a good friend, an unbelievable player, and I dedicated my Wimbledon win to him.
Goran Ivanisevic	As soon as I step on the court I just try to play tennis and don't find excuses. You know, I just lost because I lost, not because my arm was sore.
Goran Ivanisevic	I must be the only player in the world who ever injured himself for a tournament by stepping on a shell on the beach. I don't know what I'm going to do.
Goran Ivanisevic	While I didn't have everything that I wanted, I was still a happy kid.
Goran Ivanisevic	Although we didn't have much when I was growing up in Split, Croatia, my parents always tried to ensure that my sister and I had the things we needed, and it was enough for us.
Goran Ivanisevic	If you are given a lot of money without having to work for it, you won't appreciate it as much as if you made it yourself.
Goran Ivanisevic	There are not many Irish people playing tennis!
Goran Ivanisevic	It's fun to be there with the guys, to practice with them, arrange the balls, do this, do that, but when you play you can get some of this nervousness out of your system.
Goran Ivanisevic	Since retiring I have spent a lot of time with my family, on my boat, and playing football.
Goran Ivanisevic	I think I owe it to myself and my fans in Britain to play one more Wimbledon.
Goran Ivanisevic	It's easier when you play. You get your emotion out. You scream. You yell. You do whatever you want. You play. But it's tough to sit.
Goran Ivanisevic	The best book I read this year was 'The Da Vinci Code.'
Goran Ivanisevic	Winning Wimbledon was a great feeling and it is still a great feeling. It has given me so much confidence.
Goran Ivanisevic	You can't slow the game here. It's grass, it's always going to be fast.
Grace Abbott	Child labor and poverty are inevitably bound together and if you continue to use the labor of children as the treatment for the social disease of poverty, you will have both poverty and child labor to the end of time.
Grace Abbott	I stand on the sidewalk watching it because the responsibility is mine and I must, I take a very firm hold on the handles of the baby carriage and I wheel it into the traffic.
Grace Abbott	The jam is moving toward the Capitol where Congress sits in judgment on all the administrative agencies of Government.
Grace Abbott	Sometimes when I get home at night in Washington I feel as though I had been in a great traffic jam.
Grace Abbott	The first and continuing argument for the curtailment of working hours and the raising of the minimum age was that education was necessary in a democracy and working children could not attend school.
Grace Darling	Inflated descriptions by the pen or exaggerated illustrations by the pencil.
Grace Darling	I have seven apartments in the house to keep in a state fit to be inspected everyday by Gentlemen.
Grace Darling	The cries of the sufferers on the remaining part of the wreck were heard during the night.
Grant Achatz	Part of becoming a little bit older and having the opportunities that I have, you want to start giving back to people who have been influential and helped you along the way.
Grant Achatz	I don't care if you're doing haute cuisine or burgers and pizza, just do it right.
Grant Achatz	The most luxurious thing to me is having an hour of my day, which rarely happens, to listen to my iPod and sit on my couch. That's how I unwind.
Grant Achatz	Food can be expressive and therefore food can be art.
Grant Achatz	I had D minuses in chemistry and all of the sciences, and now I'm known as a molecular gastronomist.
Grant Achatz	My life has been such a blur since I was 18, 19 years old. I haven't even had time to contemplate my own life. By forcing yourself to write your life story you learn a great deal about yourself.
Grant Achatz	Whatever it is you're doing, whether it's your career or a particular focus, if you're trying to be the best you can possibly be, then you'll be putting that pressure on yourself.
Grant Achatz	Anything that could ever prevent me from achieving a goal, I put in a box, tape it up, throw it over my shoulder. You aim for a goal and attain it. Then you look to the next one.
Grant Achatz	A cookbook is not like being an author. It's writing down recipes; it's not writing.
Grant Achatz	What makes the food that we do at Alinea so interesting on the outside is that we really don't let ourselves say no to an idea.
Grant Achatz	I always knew I wanted to be a chef.
Grant Achatz	It's not really the life of cooking that's hard - it's what you make of it and what level you push yourself to.
Grant Achatz	My personality was always such that I always look straight forward, never behind or to the side.
Grant Achatz	Here's the irony in what I do: When I go out to eat, I like classic French food. I like amazing Japanese food that has such a history that it goes back hundreds of years. And I also like really innovative food as well.
Grant Achatz	Whenever people are faced with any sort of adversity... they tend to gravitate toward things that make them comfortable, and things that they feel are important.
Grant Achatz	Alinea is not the type of restaurant where you go if you're in a hurry. Really, it's about enjoying that three-hour block of time and reflecting on the food, having great conversation with your dining companion.
Grant Achatz	I lived my whole life in the kitchen. Not only that, but it's the passion, it's the love for cooking and food. It's dictated my entire life - every aspect of it.
Grant Achatz	There are about 700 flavors that you can smell, but only five you can taste. A lot of times what you're perceiving as flavor has nothing to do with palette, but it's more to do with scents.
Grant Achatz	To me, every kitchen appliance is useful and nothing's overrated. When I look at my little espresso machine, I don't see coffee. I see a steaming valve as an opportunity to make amazing creme brulee.
Grant Achatz	Ultimately, the perfect meal is when those things come together - circumstance, the food, ambiance, and you're with the person that you want to be with.
Grant Achatz	The popularity of the Internet and using it as an available resource has really changed the way chefs kind of gather information and look for inspiration. To me, a food trend is potentially a lot of people following an idea.
Grant Achatz	Food is a necessary component to life. People can live without Renoir, Mozart, Gaudi, Beckett, but they cannot live without food.
Grant Achatz	I hate stuff in my pockets, can't stand it. I'll carry stuff in my hands rather than put it in my pockets.
Grant Achatz	I was a completely below-average high school student. I never went to college.
Grant Achatz	I wish that food trucks could exist here in Chicago like they do in Brooklyn and in New York, where you're actually cooking off the truck.
Greer Garson	Starting out to make money is the greatest mistake in life. Do what you feel you have a flair for doing, and if you are good enough at it, the money will come.
Greer Garson	I do wish I could tell you my age but it's impossible. It keeps changing all the time.
Greg Abbott	If I have to, I will use one challenge after another to dismantle governmental operations that I consider violations of the Constitution.
Greg Abbott	America is ready for livable communities. America is ready for high-speed rail.
Greg Abbott	I typically start out almost every speech I give making some kind of joke about me being in a wheelchair.
Greg Abbott	America is sick and tired of spending hour upon hour sitting in their automobile trying to get to work, trying to get kids to school, trying to get to a doctor's appointment.
Greg Abbott	Americans get it. They're ready for some opportunities to have greener communities, to have cleaner communities, and to have transportation options that perhaps they haven't had in the past.
Greg Abbott	During my time as a judge, as a justice, and as attorney general, I've had one overarching goal, and that is a strict interpretation and application of the laws and the Constitution. I would be Madisonian.
Greg Abbott	You can look at the state of California, which is on a pathway to destruction because they expanded government too much, thinking that there would always be someone to pay for it.
Greg Daniels	When you think about 'The Simpsons' or 'King of the Hill' or something like that, the worlds tend to expand each episode, because there's no additional cost incurred to hire an animated character.
Greg Daniels	Whenever the boss has 'fun' activities, there's got to be a parable or a lesson. Employees feel like they're supposed to be taking notes.
Greg Daniels	I wrote Steve Carell's last episode. I think it was a really good episode, but there's always a tension between what's good for the series and what's good for an episode, because the more closure you put on an episode, the more significant feeling it is.
Greg Daniels	There are Michael Scott moments, which are character choices, but there are also Steve's reads. Usually the things that I'm the biggest fan of are these weird reads that he does - just the way he's interacting with other people.
Greg Daniels	When you do something unusual, the audience doesn't 100 percent know what you're up to in the beginning. And if you're doing a character comedy, they haven't learned the characters yet.
Greg Daniels	I had my idea of what the series finale of 'King of the Hill' would be, but that's not what the actual series finale was.
Greg Daniels	I love 'The Office' format so much that I wanted to close it out.
Greg Daniels	I'm like a slow starter. Everything I've done has built, or has taken a while.
Greg Daniels	I would encourage people that, if you are waiting for the end of 'The Office,' to re-tune in right away. It is the beginning of the end, where we start to break down what's going on with this documentary and see behind the scenes with who is involved.
Greg Daniels	It happened to me on 'King of the Hill,' where I'd left it before the end and didn't really participate in the ending, and I always felt a little bit like I wanted to try a different version of that story.
Greg Daniels	On a daily basis, you're working with Steve Carell; you're not working with Ricky Gervais. You try a line, and you can't be writing for David Brent. You have to be writing for Michael Scott because Steve is Michael Scott.
Greg Egan	Widespread caffeine use explains a lot about the twentieth century.
Greg Egan	A story in Asimov's is read by hundreds of thousands of people.
Greg Egan	I'm rarely grabbed by anything the way I was when I was 10 years younger. About the only relatively new artists whose albums I own are Beck, and They Might Be Giants.
Greg Egan	I admire David Lynch so much, and I think he made some bad decisions with Lost Highway.
Greg Egan	I've supported myself by writing since 1992, and I'm probably very nearly unemployable by now because employers are likely to be put off by the long gap.
Greg Egan	Fandom is about fandom, it's a great big social club.
Greg Egan	I don't have any structured grand plan; I just intend to keep writing about the things that interest me-some of which change, some of which don't.
Greg Egan	I think new writers everywhere need opportunities to get published.
Greg Egan	I've been taking longer to write stories lately.
Greg Egan	Australian SF book publishing has undergone a boom recently, and sometimes it's easier for new writers to sell a book to a local publisher first, which then makes a US edition more likely.
Greg Egan	Being rewarded for anything other than the quality of their work is the fastest way to screw-up a writer-and it isn't only new ones who suffer from that.
Greg Egan	Diaspora starts about a thousand years from now. Most of human civilisation has moved inside computers; essentially, a major branch of our descendants consists of conscious software.
Greg Egan	I hadn't given much thought to the prospect of a Hugo nomination at the time it happened, but obviously once you're nominated, winning one seems a bit less far-fetched than before.
Greg Egan	Pop science goes flying off in all kinds of fashionable directions, and it often drags a lot of SF writers with it. I've been led astray like that myself at times.
Greg Garrison	I did honest television. Real, live, honest television. That's what I did best.
Greg Garrison	When I got lucky with Dean, I ended up with 16 years with one of the truly great performers of all time. He was the greatest performer I'd ever been around, bar none.
Greg Iles	I like taking a character at the most intense moments of their lives and exploring all that in full and then moving on.
Greg Iles	The South is the home of 'an eye for an eye.' 'Turning the other cheek'? The South can't see that.
Greg Iles	My mother, a teacher, encouraged me to use my creativity as an actual way to make a living, and my father, a Mississippi physician, did two things. First, he taught me that all human beings should be treated equally because no one is better than anyone else, and he never pressured me to become a doctor.
Greg Iles	Southern Gothic is alive and well. It's not just a genre, it is a way of life.
Greg Iles	Like my best friend, I asked for drums for Christmas, and got them. But when he moved on to guitar, I realized two things: (1) guitar is a much more expressive instrument, (2) way more girls pay attention to guitar players than to drummers.
Greg Iles	My ancestors fought for the Confederacy during the Civil War; I was raised in Natchez, Miss.; I performed in the Confederate Pageant for a decade; I dug ditches and loaded trucks with black men who taught me more than any book ever could; and I graduated from Ole Miss. Anyone who survived that is a de facto expert on the South.
Greg Iles	Some things we must pass over in silence.
Greg Iles	I deal with the human psychology and evil. They are my twin issues.
Greg Iles	'See Spot run!' is a perfect sentence in some ways. But I doubt the critics would say it was.
Greg Iles	Experiences are like hoarded gold. Whenever I dole out a piece of my private suffering, that is when I get letters from all over the world.
Greg Iles	I have not written a perfect sentence, in the literary sense. It's a lot easier to throw a perfect pass than to write a perfect sentence, if that sentence is meant to perform more than a mechanical function.
Greg Iles	And I do have one surefire plot I have not and probably never will write because of my fear someone will carry it out.
Greg Iles	My father has always been the heart of my Penn Cage novels.
Greg Iles	My father served as an Army doctor in West Germany in the late '50s and early '60s. As a result, he and my mother - both native southerners - were acutely aware of what had happened during the Holocaust.
Gregg Easterbrook	Everyone needs a certain amount of money. Beyond that, we pursue money because we know how to obtain it. We don't necessarily know how to obtain happiness.
Gregg Easterbrook	Heroic people take risks to themselves to help others. There's nothing heroic about accepting $5 million to go out and run around chasing a ball, although you may show fortitude or those other qualities while you do it.
Gregg Easterbrook	Torture numbers, and they'll confess to anything.
Gregg Easterbrook	I'm working seven days a week in the fall. I couldn't possibly keep that up. This is only for the fall. In the last couple of years I've tended to do most of my serious writing in the winter, when there's nothing going on with football.
Gregg Easterbrook	I think the thing that I most appreciate now is that stereotypes involving Jewish identity activate fears of persecution that exist in the present day.
Gregg Easterbrook	It was Orwellian. I completely disappeared, and disappeared the same day. It was by early that evening when the Times story ran. That was an overreaction. All human beings under pressure behave poorly.
Gregg Easterbrook	Jewish persecution is a historical memory of the present generation and people fear it in the present day, and that's why those references are so much more powerful. I just understand that better now.
Gregg Easterbrook	Now, for pure bloggers, for individual people who are just posting their own thoughts, they would still run the same risk of saying something wrong or embarrassing, but they wouldn't harm their institutions by doing so.
Gregg Easterbrook	But by showing us live coverage of every bad thing happening everywhere in the world, cable news makes life seem like it's just an endless string of disasters - when, for most people in most places today, life is fairly good.
Gregg Easterbrook	You know, some of the good part of blog theory was that blogs would be like diaries that the world could read. They would be spontaneous, whatever pops into your mind, as a diary would be.
Gregg Easterbrook	And then ESPN fired me. I did not think that was a fitting punishment.
Gregg Easterbrook	But if you could make that mistake and press the send button and the entire world sees it forever.
Gregg Easterbrook	I didn't view myself as attacking the boss. I viewed my boss at ESPN as the publisher and president of ESPN.
Gregg Easterbrook	I don't think there are many larger lessons to be found in sports.
Gregg Easterbrook	I think professional sports, football, to use it as an example, it's fundamentally a form of entertainment.
Gregg Easterbrook	I'm a smart guy, I know the history of this issue and why people care about it.
Gregg Easterbrook	Inevitably, these sorts of things are going to come back to blow up in people's faces.
Gregg Easterbrook	And if there was something, suppose I wanted to write something really damning or embarrassing about one of the owners, that would really be a problem on the NFL's site.
Gregg Easterbrook	Even though Rush is not me and the situations were very different, I think, in the Rush Limbaugh thing, ESPN was criticized for not acting, and you remember that after a couple days of controversy over Rush.
Gregg Easterbrook	For what I wrote that started this whole controversy, I deserved to be criticized, and I felt bad about writing it. I felt bad mainly as a writer and a thinker.
Gregg Easterbrook	I behaved poorly by starting this whole thing and I made some mistakes in dealing with it, and they made some mistakes in dealing with me, and taking down all my stuff was probably one of them.
Gregg Easterbrook	I think that might have been an element in it, and people have asked me that very thing. Remember, Disney is the majority shareholder, but it is not an operating division of Disney.
Gregg Easterbrook	It was actually a very nice little book done by a gift book company. They illustrated it with pictures from 1920s football, before there were face guards.
Gregg Easterbrook	Stereotypes involving Christian identity, Christian persecution is so far back in history now that no one fears it being revived, unless you live in China, I guess.
Greta Garbo	There are many things in your heart you can never tell to another person. They are you, your private joys and sorrows, and you can never tell them. You cheapen yourself, the inside of yourself, when you tell them.
Greta Garbo	I never said, 'I want to be alone.' I only said, 'I want to be left alone.' There is all the difference.
Greta Garbo	I want to be alone.
Greta Garbo	Is there anything better than to be longing for something, when you know it is within reach?
Greta Garbo	Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening.
Greta Garbo	Your joys and sorrows. You can never tell them. You cheapen the inside of yourself if you do tell them.
Greta Garbo	I don't want to be a silly temptress. I cannot see any sense in getting dressed up and doing nothing but tempting men in pictures.
Greta Garbo	If you are blessed, you are blessed, whether you are married or single.
Greta Garbo	Life would be so wonderful if we only knew what to do with it.
Greta Garbo	You don't have to be married to have a good friend as your partner for life.
Greta Garbo	I wish I were supernaturally strong so I could put right everything that is wrong.
Greta Garbo	There seems to be a law that governs all our actions so I never make plans.
Greta Garbo	There are some who want to get married and others who don't. I have never had an impulse to go to the altar. I am a difficult person to lead.
Greta Garbo	There is no one who would have me - I can't cook.
Greta Garbo	The story of my life is about back entrances, side doors, secret elevators and other ways of getting in and out of places so that people won't bother me.
Greta Garbo	I smoke all the time, one after the other.
Greta Garbo	If only those who dream about Hollywood knew how difficult it all is.
Greta Garbo	I'm tired and nervous and I'm in America. Here you don't know that you live.
Greta Garbo	Being a movie star, and this applies to all of them, means being looked at from every possible direction. You are never left at peace, you're just fair game.
Greta Garbo	This is where I have wasted the best years of my life.
Greta Garbo	My talents fall within definite limitations. I am not as versatile an actress as some think.
Greta Garbo	It is bitter to think of one's best years disappearing in this unpolished country.
Grey Damon	I think that there's not much point to being an actor if you're not enjoying it, so I try to be picky about roles I do like to go out for.
Grey Damon	I don't really enjoy watching reality TV.
Grey Damon	I've actually been asked once or twice if I had some Puerto Rican in me.
Grey Damon	I think about the work I've landed, and I think to myself, 'If I never land a job again, I could still die happy.'
Grey Damon	My ma and pa are both very artistic, so I suppose it's in my blood. But my ma's the one who was into theater and such. I owe my love of it to her. If she didn't drag me to small community workshops when I was a wee little lad or exposed me to anything artistic for that matter, I wouldn't be who I am today.
Groucho Marx	The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Groucho Marx	I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
Groucho Marx	I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Groucho Marx	Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Groucho Marx	Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Groucho Marx	Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Groucho Marx	Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Groucho Marx	A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
Groucho Marx	Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
Groucho Marx	Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Groucho Marx	I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
Groucho Marx	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Groucho Marx	I intend to live forever, or die trying.
Groucho Marx	Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Groucho Marx	I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Groucho Marx	Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?
Groucho Marx	Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough.
Groucho Marx	No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.
Groucho Marx	I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
Groucho Marx	I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.
Groucho Marx	A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
Groucho Marx	I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course.
Groucho Marx	I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.
Groucho Marx	Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
Groucho Marx	Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.
Guillaume Canet	I'm an absolute fan of 1970s New York in films like 'Mean Streets' and 'Dog Day Afternoon.'
Guillaume Canet	Directing remains very psychological, and it takes a lot of time and reflection. When you're an actor, it takes less time, and you can express yourself physically.
Guillaume Canet	Everything goes by so fast that if you want to be a part of it, you need to go that fast. But because you go that fast, you don't lead the life you should lead.
Guillaume Canet	You need to feed yourself with emotions and life or you'll become empty.
Guillaume Canet	I've had gay friends who grew up in small towns in France who had to lie for most of their lives, even to themselves. But eventually such lies become stronger than the people, and they have to face them.
Guillaume Canet	I know that one day I would love to do a musical.
Guillaume Canet	I spent all my youth with horses.
Guillaume Canet	I think it's very boring for a director to always do the same kind of movies.
Guillaume Canet	I would rather do really good French films than 'American Pie.'
Guillaume Canet	In any group there is more or less tension between people, and there are complicities and affinities.
Guillaume Canet	It was really hard to find another project after my first film.
Guillaume Canet	It's physically and psychologically exhausting to make a film.
Guillaume Canet	Music is one of the important things for me in cinema.
Guillaume Canet	You have to draw on your unconscious when you make a film - you can't worry about whether it's costing a lot of money.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I believe that writers, unless they consider themselves terribly exquisite, are at heart people who live by night, a little bit outside society, moving between delinquency and conformity.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	No, absolutely not, writing doesn't have to be like a jigsaw puzzle, it can be a very linear undertaking.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	My mother had been educated at a convent, and she had been converted to communism by my father during Stalin's most rampant period, at the beginning of the 1930s. So she had two gods, God in heaven and god on earth.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	American literature had always considered writing a very serious matter.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	Well, I write in exile because I cannot return to my country, so I have no choice but to see myself as an exiled writer.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I read the Odyssey because it was the story of a man who returned home after being absent for more than twenty years and was recognized only by his dog.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	My parents were founders of the Cuban Communist Party, and I grew up extremely poor.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I think writers rush in where everybody is very frightened to tread.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	Puns are a form of humor with words.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	If you look closely, there is no book more visual than Three Trapped Tigers, in that it is filled with blank pages, dark pages, it has stars made of words, the famous magical cube made of numbers, and there is even a page which is a mirror.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I am a writer of fragments.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I don't have any style.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I was an avid radio fan when I was a boy, as well as a great lover of comic strips.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	You are just in the middle of a struggle with words which are really very stubborn things, with a blank page, with the damn thing that you use to write with, a pen or a typewriter, and you forget all about the reader when you are doing that.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I think that I've tried many times to get Cuba in my writings, especially Havana, which was once a great and fascinating city.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	It means that no matter what you write, be it a biography, an autobiography, a detective novel, or a conversation on the street, it all becomes fiction as soon as you write it down.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	That is what I define as a novel: something that has a beginning, a middle and an end, with characters and a plot that sustain interest from the first sentence to the last. But that is not what I do at all.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I describe my works as books, but my publishers in Spain, in the United States, and elsewhere insist on calling them novels.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I think that like all writers - and if any writer disagrees with this, then he is not a writer - I write primarily for myself.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I first came out against Castro in June 1968, fifteen months after my book had been published, and you cannot imagine how quickly a void was created around me.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	A very wise author once said that a writer writes for himself, and then publishes for money. I write for myself and publish just for the reader.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	But I do not have the reader in mind when I write. No true writer does that.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I think all writing is done through memory.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I do not believe in inspiration, but I must have a title in order to work, otherwise I am lost.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante	I have assiduously avoided calling my books novels.
Guy Davenport	The difference between the Parthenon and the World Trade Center, between a French wine glass and a German beer mug, between Bach and John Philip Sousa, between Sophocles and Shakespeare, between a bicycle and a horse, though explicable by historical moment, necessity, and destiny, is before all a difference of imagination.
Guy Davenport	Imagination is like the drunk man who lost his watch and must get drunk again to find it.
Guy Davenport	I was thought to be retarded as a child, and all the evidence indicates that I was.
Guy Davenport	I am not writing for scholars or fellow critics, but for people who like to read, to look at pictures, and to know things.
Guy Davenport	There's nothing like being a soldier for confidence or learning your limits or enduring utter humiliation.
Guy Davenport	I like to believe that I don't think of myself as a writer. I am an amateur. Back when I was teaching, I wrote when I could. Weekends were good typewriter time. Now, it's whenever I feel there's something to be put on paper. I don't care what time it is, though I always write in the notebooks at night.
Guy Davenport	My view, as one who taught it, is that the whole purpose of a literary education should be to tell people that these things exist. I don't think any teacher should try to 'teach an author,' but rather simply describe what the author has written. And this is what I tried to do.
Guy Davenport	Art knows neither doctrine nor idea; its nature is to show.
Guy Davenport	I never intended to be a teacher. I just like going to school and learning things.
Guy Davenport	The real use of imaginative reading is precisely to suspend one's mind in the workings of another sensibility.
Guy Davenport	As long as you have ideas, you can keep going. That's why writing fiction is so much fun: because you're moving people about, and making settings for them to move in, so there's always something there to keep working on.
Guy Davenport	Fiction's essential activity is to imagine how others feel, what a Saturday afternoon in an Italian town in the 2nd Century looked like. My ambition is solely to get some effect, as of light on stone in a forest on a September day.
Guy Davenport	Poetry and fiction have grieved for a century now over the loss of some vitality which they think they see in a past from which we are by now irrevocably alienated.
Guy Davenport	Unless the work of art has wholly exhausted its maker's attention, it fails. This is why works of great significance are demanding and why they are infinitely rewarding.
Guy Hamilton	For years, I've been wondering what could happen to nuclear submarines when they dive and disappear from the surface of the earth for months, without a trace. No one really knows where they are.
Guy Hamilton	My guess is that if they now choose to change of director for every other film, it's just because you can't really change the formula, you can merely try to film it your way.
Gwen Ifill	If it were the Clinton people, they'd be sitting around figuring out how to pull themselves out. Instead the president is continuing to go around the country and peddling Social Security, which the needle is not moving on.
Gwen Ifill	When the President was asked about global warming at a public appearance yesterday, he responded by talking about America's addiction to oil. You make the connection.
Gwen Ifill	Is it unreasonable to have proof of citizenship when entering another country?
Gwen Ifill	Journalists are accused of being lapdogs when they don't ask the hard questions, but then accused of being rude when they do. Good thing we have tough hides.
Gwen Ifill	I'm a preacher's kid, and we were always told, Act right all the time, because someone's always watching.
Gwen Ifill	The common agenda both sides seem to share is: Whatever works.
Gwen Ifill	Tony Blair - good thing there are not parliamentary elections in this country.
Gwen Ifill	The President has launched a very agressive campaign of self-defense, with the goal of getting Americans to buy into his vision of America on the world stage.
Gwen Ifill	If you start to catalog Hillary Clinton's positions between now and 2008, we're going to have a lot of conversations because there are a lot of places for her to go.
Gwen Ifill	Hope springs eternal, even in politics.
Gwen Ifill	On immigration, there are a lot of hurdles before anything arrives at the White House.
Gwen Ifill	A lot of Democrats are not that upset with Howard Dean. Howard Dean gets out here and he says these inflammatory things, and he doesn't apologize. He doesn't back down a little bit.
Gwen Ifill	Can't disagree with the need for a grasp of history.
Gwen Ifill	It's been years, decades, since a president has lost a major trade initiative. That would be bad headlines.
Gwen Ifill	One of the things that Africa needs, everybody seems to agree, is some measure of debt relief.
Gwen Ifill	We will wait to see if it is a doozy before we decide how to cover it, and what it all means.
Gwen Ifill	Did I say that the President's entire job is image management? Of course not.
Gwen Ifill	There seems to be more abiding interest in unearthing old memos abroad than there is here.
Gwen Ifill	Don't count out other amazing programming like Frontline. You will still find more hours of in-depth news programming, investigative journalism and analysis on PBS than on any other outlet.
Gwen Ifill	Folks who are getting their strokes in the South are not as unhappy with Howard Dean. You don't see anybody starting any movement to get him out of office.
Gwen Ifill	History shows that people often do cast their votes for amorphous reasons-the most powerful among them being the need for change. Just ask Bill Clinton.
Gwen Ifill	People do still cheer for the President. And some of the military audiences are more likely to cheer than others. I have seen him speak lately in front of groups like Freedom House, where the applause was a long time coming.
Gwen Ifill	We're not paying attention to the fact that Hillary Clinton is running in 2006. Everyone is looking to her for the future. It's the same with anybody else who's positioning themselves.
Gwen Ifill	Whatever their motivations, lawmakers on both side of the aisle have certainly discovered that immigration is one of those issues that resonate strongly with the public.
Gwen Ifill	You would like me to say that the veil will be ripped from the voters' eyes sometime between now and November, thereby restoring the proper version of Democracy to the House and Senate. I won't say that, of course. The simple reason is, I don't know.
Gwyneth Paltrow	My life comes down to three moments: the death of my father, meeting my husband, and the birth of my daughter. Everything I did previous to that just doesn't seem to add up to very much.
Gwyneth Paltrow	My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
Gwyneth Paltrow	Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
Gwyneth Paltrow	The older I get, the more open-minded I get, the less judgmental I get.
Gwyneth Paltrow	Sometimes when things you love get really commercial, you end up feeling betrayed by it.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I'm not sure how healthy bacon is in general, but I know it's incredibly delicious.
Gwyneth Paltrow	When I pass a flowering zucchini plant in a garden, my heart skips a beat.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I wouldn't say I'm a mummy's girl, but I have grown to have a tremendous appreciation of her as a woman. I was very much a daddy's girl.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I'll immediately gain, like, 5 pounds even just by thinking about cutting out dessert. It's a nightmare. I decided, for me, the healthiest thing was to eat what I want and just exercise. Some women can watch what they eat, but I just can't do that.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?
Gwyneth Paltrow	I'm hard on myself, so I'm working on shifting perspective toward self-acceptance, with all my flaws and weaknesses.
Gwyneth Paltrow	My life is good because I am not passive about it. I invest in what is real. Like real people, to do real things, for the real me.
Gwyneth Paltrow	When you're so out there in the public eye, people are constantly criticizing every aspect about you.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I'll take my wrinkles. I don't like the Botox thing.
Gwyneth Paltrow	The adrenaline of a live performance is unlike anything in film or theater. I can see why it's so addictive.
Gwyneth Paltrow	The simpler things are, the happier they are.
Gwyneth Paltrow	Could I use some butter and cheese and eggs in my cooking without going down some kind of hippie shame spiral? Yes. Of course I could.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I don't eat red meat, but sometimes a man needs a steak.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true.
Gwyneth Paltrow	The work gets more difficult as you get older. You learn more and you gather more experiences, there is deeper pain and higher highs.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I eat whatever I want. I like bread and cheese and wine, and that makes my life fun and enjoyable.
Gwyneth Paltrow	I wasn't the high-school play queen or anything. And my parents would let not me act until I graduated from college.
Gwyneth Paltrow	In Britain, they have a lot of laws to protect you, and we enforce them very strongly so that our children can stay private figures, and the British press leave us alone, which is great. It means we can go on the Tube into the centre of London because it's quicker and more fun for the kids. We can do normal things.
Gwyneth Paltrow	Brits are far more intelligent and civilised than Americans. I love the fact that you can hail a taxi and just pick up your pram and put in the back of the cab without having to collapse it. I love the parks and places I go for dinner and my friends.
Gwyneth Paltrow	Creating a meal for my friends and family, sitting together, eating, laughing and talking - that is when I am so happy. Oh my God, if you could see how much food I make - I am the original Jewish mother.
H. C. Bailey	In order to be a realist you must believe in miracles.
H. C. Bailey	Faith is a higher faculty than reason.
H. G. Wells	If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
H. G. Wells	Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
H. G. Wells	Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
H. G. Wells	Affliction comes to us, not to make us sad but sober; not to make us sorry but wise.
H. G. Wells	Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
H. G. Wells	If we don't end war, war will end us.
H. G. Wells	The New Deal is plainly an attempt to achieve a working socialism and avert a social collapse in America; it is extraordinarily parallel to the successive 'policies' and 'Plans' of the Russian experiment. Americans shirk the word 'socialism', but what else can one call it?
H. G. Wells	Man is the unnatural animal, the rebel child of nature, and more and more does he turn himself against the harsh and fitful hand that reared him.
H. G. Wells	There is nothing in machinery, there is nothing in embankments and railways and iron bridges and engineering devices to oblige them to be ugly. Ugliness is the measure of imperfection.
H. G. Wells	The path of least resistance is the path of the loser.
H. G. Wells	We are living in 1937, and our universities, I suggest, are not half-way out of the fifteenth century. We have made hardly any changes in our conception of university organization, education, graduation, for a century - for several centuries.
H. G. Wells	No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else's draft.
H. G. Wells	Advertising is legalized lying.
H. G. Wells	There's nothing wrong in suffering, if you suffer for a purpose. Our revolution didn't abolish danger or death. It simply made danger and death worthwhile.
H. G. Wells	The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.
H. G. Wells	Leaders should lead as far as they can and then vanish. Their ashes should not choke the fire they have lit.
H. G. Wells	Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
H. G. Wells	Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
H. G. Wells	Our true nationality is mankind.
H. G. Wells	After people have repeated a phrase a great number of times, they begin to realize it has meaning and may even be true.
H. G. Wells	The past is the beginning of the beginning and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn.
H. G. Wells	The uglier a man's legs are, the better he plays golf - it's almost a law.
H. G. Wells	The doctrine of the Kingdom of Heaven, which was the main teaching of Jesus, is certainly one of the most revolutionary doctrines that ever stirred and changed human thought.
H. G. Wells	The crisis of today is the joke of tomorrow.
H. G. Wells	While there is a chance of the world getting through its troubles, I hold that a reasonable man has to behave as though he were sure of it. If at the end your cheerfulness in not justified, at any rate you will have been cheerful.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than the one with all the facts.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	A true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us like a big easy chair, offering us a safe refuge from the world.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Mature love is composed and sustaining; a celebration of commitment, companionship, and trust.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Remember that creating a successful marriage is like farming: you have to start over again every morning.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.	You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.
H. L. Mencken	Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
H. L. Mencken	The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out... without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, intolerable.
H. L. Mencken	I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie. I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant.
H. L. Mencken	Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
H. L. Mencken	For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.
H. L. Mencken	The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
H. L. Mencken	Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
H. L. Mencken	It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man.
H. L. Mencken	The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.
H. L. Mencken	In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one.
H. L. Mencken	Honor is simply the morality of superior men.
H. L. Mencken	In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
H. L. Mencken	Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself.
H. L. Mencken	Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
H. L. Mencken	Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
H. L. Mencken	Have you ever watched a crab on the shore crawling backward in search of the Atlantic Ocean, and missing? That's the way the mind of man operates.
H. L. Mencken	Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?
H. L. Mencken	It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office.
H. L. Mencken	Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
H. L. Mencken	Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
H. L. Mencken	There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong.
H. L. Mencken	The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
H. L. Mencken	A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
H. L. Mencken	The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule.
H. L. Mencken	An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.
Hal David	In writing, I search for believability, simplicity and emotional impact.
Hal David	One thing a lyricist must learn is not to fall in love with his own lines. Once you learn that, you can walk away from the lyric and look at it with a reasonable degree of objectivity.
Hal David	Above all, I try to create an emotion to which others can respond.
Hal David	Rap culture is interesting and different and has purpose but it has a non-romantic view of life and of social feelings. There may be a void in that.
Hal David	It's not just a revue where one song is done, then another. There are concepts and ideas at work.
Hal David	The talent is always there and art is cyclical. I'm optimistic.
Hal David	Pop songs are not as graceful as they used to be. Performers today haven't gone through the regimen of learning how to write. And of course, everyone wants to own copyrights.
Hale Irwin	I never underestimate my opponent, but I never underestimate my talents.
Hale Irwin	I've felt that if you dwell too much on your errors, you're dealing in the negativity of things. I don't like that. I'd rather work on the positive reinforcement, the things I did well.
Hale Irwin	My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.
Hale Irwin	People have to learn who they are - you can't have somebody else telling you who you are.
Hale Irwin	People, in whatever walk of life, would be surprised if they just gave themselves a chance by believing in what they are.
Hale Irwin	Early in my career, my 3-, 5- and 9-irons performed differently than my other irons. But I adapted and made them work.
Hale Irwin	I don't sleep well. I rehash everything in bed. The mind's still working.
Hale Irwin	I can forgive the body breaking down. It's a little tougher to forgive that mental lapse.
Hale Irwin	I still have the desire to succeed, and I've always felt success is measured by what you've done in the win column, not top 10s.
Hale Irwin	If you're not just a little bit nervous before a match, you probably don't have the expectations of yourself that you should have.
Hale Irwin	It's a long, hard, difficult process to make it to a national championship.
Hale Irwin	Let your emotions come out. If your behavior is flat, your game will be flat, too.
Hale Irwin	New Zealand has a great reputation in America for golf.
Hale Irwin	The best quick tip in golf is to focus on your rhythm and balance.
Hale Irwin	The positions I played in football, being a quarterback and a defensive back, you had to kind of have a little independent thinking.
Hale Irwin	Yes, I applied a lot of what I did in football to golf.
Hale Irwin	Do I want to tackle a 230-pound guy who's running like a deer? Heavens no, no one in their right mind would. But there is something that drives me and compels me to stick my head in there and give it my best shot.
Hale Irwin	Feeling tired should almost never be an excuse, because your body has huge reserves of energy. But if you eat badly, stay out late, drink too much, and so on, you'll pay a price on the course.
Hale Irwin	I just never subscribed to the theory that at age 55, you fall off the face of the earth on the Tour. I always felt that was too young of an age for that.
Hale Irwin	On the PGA Tour, guys finish in the top 10, make a ton of money and think they're great players. In my era, you had to win. We didn't settle for anything else.
Hall Caine	That cry of the soul to be lifted out of the bondage of the narrow circle of life, which carries up to God the protest and yearning of suffering man, never finds a more sublime expression than where humanity is oppressed and religion is corrupt.
Hall Caine	Out of the depths, O Lord, out of the depths,' begins the most beautiful of the services of our church, and it is out of the depths of my life that I must bring the incidents of this story.
Halston	You are only as good as the people you dress.
Halston	Buzz and the right publicist are not only important but crucial in show business.
Hamlin Garland	Whenever the pressure of our complex city life thins my blood and numbs my brain, I seek relief in the trail; and when I hear the coyote wailing to the yellow dawn, my cares fall from me - I am happy.
Hamlin Garland	I remember a hundred lovely lakes, and recall the fragrant breath of pine and fir and cedar and poplar trees. The trail has strung upon it, as upon a thread of silk, opalescent dawns and saffron sunsets.
Hamlin Garland	My recollection of a hundred lovely lakes has given me blessed release from care and worry and the troubled thinking of our modern day. It has been a return to the primitive and the peaceful.
Hamlin Garland	There is no gilding of setting sun or glamor of poetry to light up the ferocious and endless toil of the farmers' wives.
Hank Aaron	My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
Hank Aaron	The thing I like about baseball is that it's one-on-one. You stand up there alone, and if you make a mistake, it's your mistake. If you hit a home run, it's your home run.
Hank Aaron	It took me seventeen years to get three thousand hits in baseball. I did it in one afternoon on the golf course.
Hank Aaron	Failure is a part of success.
Hank Aaron	Guessing what the pitcher is going to throw is 80% of being a successful hitter. The other 20% is just execution.
Hank Aaron	I looked for the same pitch my whole career, a breaking ball. All of the time. I never worried about the fastball. They couldn't throw it past me, none of them.
Hank Aaron	You can only milk a cow so long, then you're left holding the pail.
Hank Aaron	I never smile when I have a bat in my hands. That's when you've got to be serious. When I get out on the field, nothing's a joke to me. I don't feel like I should walk around with a smile on my face.
Hank Aaron	The pitcher has got only a ball. I've got a bat. So the percentage in weapons is in my favor and I let the fellow with the ball do the fretting.
Hank Aaron	I never thought we'd ever have a black president. President Obama has done such a tremendous job... He just has been unable to get what he needs to be moved at the level it should be moved.
Hank Aaron	I never doubted my ability, but when you hear all your life you're inferior, it makes you wonder if the other guys have something you've never seen before. If they do, I'm still looking for it.
Hank Aaron	The triple is the most exciting play in baseball. Home runs win a lot of games, but I never understood why fans are so obsessed with them.
Hank Aaron	I don't feel right unless I have a sport to play or at least a way to work up a sweat.
Hank Aaron	I'm hoping someday that some kid, black or white, will hit more home runs than myself. Whoever it is, I'd be pulling for him.
Hank Aaron	Didn't come up here to read. Came up here to hit.
Hank Aaron	I don't see pitches down the middle anymore - not even in batting practice.
Hank Aaron	On the field, blacks have been able to be super giants. But, once our playing days are over, this is the end of it and we go back to the back of the bus again.
Hank Aaron	I am very proud to be an American. This country has so much potential, I'd just like to see things better, or whatever, and I think it will be.
Hank Ballard	I can't even picture being without rock 'n'roll.
Hank Ballard	Rock 'n' roll is good for the soul, for the well being, for the psyche, for your everything. I love it.
Hanns Eisler	Someone who knows only music, understands nothing about it.
Hanns Eisler	A composer knows that music is written by human beings for human beings and that music is a continuation of life, not something separated from it.
Hans Haacke	Museums are managers of consciousness. They give us an interpretation of history, of how to view the world and locate ourselves in it. They are, if you want to put it in positive terms, great educational institutions. If you want to put it in negative terms, they are propaganda machines.
Hans Haacke	Artists and art institutions have to learn how to play hardball. A democratic society needs a democratic art and we have a right to demand it.
Hans Haacke	Museums are not normally presenting the works on the walls as provocations to work. It's more like going to a Jacuzzi.
Hans Haacke	Trivializing the Holocaust is the last thing I want to do.
Hans Haacke	A liberal public is interesting to have as an audience. It is for that very reason that corporations make such an effort to ally themselves with cultural institutions.
Hans Haacke	A standard line, promoted by people like Clement Greenberg, is that politics contaminates art, and Manet is often cited as an example of art for art's sake.
Hans Haacke	There was an exhibition in Munich in 1937, 'Degenerate Art,' which included work by Klee, Kandinsky, Beckmann and many others. The work was called 'sick' and put in the trash heap. The sentiments expressed toward contemporary art by Jesse Helms, Pat Robertson and Mayor Giuliani recall the language used by the Nazis.
Hans Haacke	I have a particular interest in corporations that give themselves a cultural aura and are in other areas suspect. Philip Morris presents itself in New York as the lover of culture while it turns out that if you look behind the scenes, it is also a prime funder of Jesse Helms, someone who is very hostile to the arts.
Hans Haacke	What I'm very upset about is the attempt to dictate to museums what they show, and the statements made by politicians in Washington that have curtailed the freedom of the National Endowment for the Arts. The attention to those issues is deflected by the spin of my supposedly having trivialized the Holocaust.
Hans Haacke	When works of art are presented like rare butterflies on the walls, they're decontextualized. We admire their beauty, and I have nothing against that, per se. But there is more to art than that.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Beauty is the disinterested one, without which the ancient world refused to understand itself, a word which both imperceptibly and yet unmistakably has bid farewell to our new world, a world of interests, leaving it to its own avarice and sadness.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The inner reality of love can be recognized only by love.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The One, the Good, the True, and the Beautiful, these are what we call the transcendental attributes of Being, because they surpass all the limits of essences and are coextensive with Being.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	If God wishes to reveal the love that he harbors for the world, this love has to be something that the world can recognize, in spite of, or in fact in, its being wholly other.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The Christian response is contained in these two fundamental dogmas: that of the Trinity and that of the Incarnation. In the trinitarian dogma God is one, good, true, and beautiful because he is essentially Love, and Love supposes the one, the other, and their unity.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Whoever removes the Cross and its interpretation by the New Testament from the center, in order to replace it, for example, with the social commitment of Jesus to the oppressed as a new center, no longer stands in continuity with the apostolic faith.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	If one does away with the fact of the Resurrection, one also does away with the Cross, for both stand and fall together, and one would then have to find a new center for the whole message of the gospel.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	But the issue is not only life and death but our existence before God and our being judged by him. All of us were sinners before him and worthy of condemnation.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Prior to an individual's encounter with the love of God at a particular time in history, however, there has to be another, more fundamental and archetypal encounter, which belongs to the conditions of possibility of the appearance of divine love to man.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Thus it is necessary to commence from an inescapable duality: the finite is not the infinite.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The Passion narratives are the first pieces of the Gospels that were composed as a unity.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	It is, finally, a word is untimely in three different senses, and bearing it as one's treasure will not win one anyone's favours; one rather risks finding oneself outside everyone's camp... Beauty is the word that shall be our first.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	To be sure, the response of faith to revelation, which God grants to the creature he chooses and moves with his love, occurs in such a way that it is truly the creature that provides the response, with its own nature and its natural powers of love.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	Without a doubt, at the center of the New Testament there stands the Cross, which receives its interpretation from the Resurrection.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	St. Paul would say to the philosophers that God created man so that he would seek the Divine, try to attain the Divine. That is why all pre-Christian philosophy is theological at its summit.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The first attempt at a response: there must have been a fall, a decline, and the road to salvation can only be the return of the sensible finite into the intelligible infinite.
Hans Urs von Balthasar	The work with which we embark on this first volume of a series of theological studies is a work with which the philosophical person does not begin, but rather concludes.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	The focus of subjectivity is a distorting mirror.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society and state in which we live.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	It was clear to me that the forms of consciousness of our inherited and acquired historical education - aesthetic consciousness and historical consciousness - presented alienated forms of our true historical being.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	It is one of the primary motives of modern art that it wants to abolish the distance which the viewer, the consumer, the audience maintain vis-a-vis a work of art.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	Nothing exists except through language.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	In fact history does not belong to us; but we belong to it.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	I basically only read books that are over 2,000 years old.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	The more language is a living operation, the less we are aware of it. Thus it follows from the self-forgetfulness of language that its real being consists in what is said in it.
Hans-Georg Gadamer	The real being of language is that into which we are taken up when we hear it - what is said.
Harold Acton	The biographies and autobiographies are on the whole more impressive than the fiction of the last two decades, but the freakish best sellers among them are least likely to withstand the test of time.
Harold Acton	So often is the virgin sheet of paper more real than what one has to say, and so often one regrets having marred it.
Harold Hamm	It's harder, but we're still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. That's the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur.
Harold Hamm	I'm a professional geologist, an explorationist for oil. That's what I've done in my career, one that's culminated in - at least to this point - playing a part in finding the largest field in the last 40 years anywhere in the world. That's the Bakken field, which I believe will yield 24 billion barrels of oil in the decades to come, maybe more.
Harold Hamm	The oil patch pays good. They're decent jobs paying between 50 and 70 thousand a year. Fracking has a big impact on the oil consumption in the United States.
Harold Hamm	I always wanted to find oil. It was always an irresistible calling.
Harold Hamm	President Obama is riding the wrong horse on energy.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	I would rather drudge out my life on a cotton plantation, till the grave opened to give me rest, than to live with an unprincipled master and a jealous mistress.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	No pen can give an adequate description of the all-pervading corruption produced by slavery.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	When they told me my new-born babe was a girl, my heart was heavier than it had ever been before. Slavery is terrible for men; but it is far more terrible for women.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Death is better than slavery.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	If you want to be fully convinced of the abominations of slavery, go on a southern plantation, and call yourself a negro trader. Then there will be no concealment; and you will see and hear things that will seem to you impossible among human beings with immortal souls.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	The beautiful spring came; and when Nature resumes her loveliness, the human soul is apt to revive also.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Cruelty is contagious in uncivilized communities.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Every where the years bring to all enough of sin and sorrow; but in slavery the very dawn of life is darkened by these shadows.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	There is a great difference between Christianity and religion at the south. If a man goes to the communion table, and pays money into the treasury of the church, no matter if it be the price of blood, he is called religious.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	If a slave is unwilling to go with his new master, he is whipped, or locked up in jail, until he consents to go, and promises not to run away during the year.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	But to the slave mother New Year's day comes laden with peculiar sorrows. She sits on her cold cabin floor, watching the children who may all be torn from her the next morning; and often does she wish that she and they might die before the day dawns.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	For years, my master had done his utmost to pollute my mind with foul images, and to destroy the pure principles inculcated by my grandmother, and the good mistress of my childhood.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	DURING the first years of my service in Dr. Flint's family, I was accustomed to share some indulgences with the children of my mistress.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	I WAS born a slave; but I never knew it till six years of happy childhood had passed away.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Southern women often marry a man knowing that he is the father of many little slaves. They do not trouble themselves about it.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	When my babe was born, they said it was premature. It weighed only four pounds; but God let it live.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	But I now entered on my fifteenth year - a sad epoch in the life of a slave girl. My master began to whisper foul words in my ear. Young as I was, I could not remain ignorant of their import.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	When I was nearly twelve years old, my kind mistress sickened and died.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Dr. Flint had sworn that he would make me suffer, to my last day, for this new crime against him, as he called it; and as long as he had me in his power he kept his word.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	When I was six years old, my mother died; and then, for the first time, I learned, by the talk around me, that I was a slave.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	Always it gave me a pang that my children had no lawful claim to a name.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	The secrets of slavery are concealed like those of the Inquisition.
Harriet Ann Jacobs	The slave girl is reared in an atmosphere of licentiousness and fear.
Harriet Tubman	Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Harriet Tubman	I was the conductor of the Underground Railroad for eight years, and I can say what most conductors can't say; I never ran my train off the track and I never lost a passenger.
Harriet Tubman	I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves.
Harriet Tubman	In my dreams and visions, I seemed to see a line, and on the other side of that line were green fields, and lovely flowers, and beautiful white ladies, who stretched out their arms to me over the line, but I couldn't reach them no-how. I always fell before I got to the line.
Harriet Tubman	I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other.
Harriet Tubman	I had crossed the line. I was free; but there was no one to welcome me to the land of freedom. I was a stranger in a strange land.
Harriet Tubman	I looked at my hands to see if I was the same person. There was such a glory over everything. The sun came up like gold through the trees, and I felt like I was in heaven.
Harriet Tubman	I would fight for my liberty so long as my strength lasted, and if the time came for me to go, the Lord would let them take me.
Harriet Tubman	I grew up like a neglected weed - ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it.
Harriet Tubman	Never wound a snake; kill it.
Harriet Tubman	I've heard 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' read, and I tell you Mrs. Stowe's pen hasn't begun to paint what slavery is as I have seen it at the far South. I've seen de real thing, and I don't want to see it on no stage or in no theater.
Harriet Tubman	Most of those coming from the mainland are very destitute, almost naked. I am trying to find places for those able to work, and provide for them as best I can, so as to lighten the burden on the Government as much as possible, while at the same time they learn to respect themselves by earning their own living.
Harriet Tubman	Quakers almost as good as colored. They call themselves friends and you can trust them every time.
Harriet Tubman	You'll be free or die!
Harriet Tubman	As I lay so sick on my bed, from Christmas till March, I was always praying for poor ole master. 'Pears like I didn't do nothing but pray for ole master. 'Oh, Lord, convert ole master;' 'Oh, dear Lord, change dat man's heart, and make him a Christian.'
Harriet Tubman	I said to de Lord, 'I'm goin' to hold steady on to you, an' I know you'll see me through.'
Harriet Tubman	I think there's many a slaveholder'll get to Heaven. They don't know better. They acts up to the light they have.
Harriet Tubman	'Pears like my heart go flutter, flutter, and then they may say, 'Peace, Peace,' as much as they likes - I know it's goin' to be war!
Harriet Tubman	Read my letter to the old folks, and give my love to them, and tell my brothers to be always watching unto prayer, and when the good old ship of Zion comes along, to be ready to step aboard.
Harriet Tubman	I can't die but once.
Harriet Tubman	Twasn't me, 'twas the Lord! I always told Him, 'I trust to you. I don't know where to go or what to do, but I expect You to lead me,' an' He always did.
Harriet Tubman	Lord, I'm going to hold steady on to You and You've got to see me through.
Harriet Tubman	'Pears like I prayed all the time, 'bout my work, everywhere, I prayed an' groaned to the Lord.
Harriet Tubman	Why, der language down dar in de far South is jus' as different from ours in Maryland, as you can think. Dey laughed when dey heard me talk, an' I could not understand 'dem, no how.
Harry Callahan	I wish more people felt that photography was an adventure the same as life itself and felt that their individual feelings were worth expressing. To me, that makes photography more exciting.
Harry Callahan	Experience is the best teacher of all. And for that, there are no guarantees that one will become an artist. Only the journey matters.
Harry Caray	Now, you tell me, if I have a day off during the baseball season, where do you think I'll spend it? The ballpark. I still love it. Always have, always will.
Harry Caray	It might be, it could be... it is! A home run!
Harry Caray	You know they're not going to lose 162 consecutive games.
Harry Caray	I knew the profanity used up and down my street would not go over the air... So I trained myself to say 'Holy Cow' instead.
Harry Caray	It's the fans that need spring training. You gotta get 'em interested. Wake 'em up and let 'em know that their season is coming, the good times are gonna roll.
Harry Caray	I've only been doing this fifty-four years. With a little experience, I might get better.
Harry Caray	My whole philosophy is to broadcast the way a fan would broadcast.
Harry Caray	When I die, I hope they don't cremate me 'cuz I'll burn forever.
Harry Caray	Holy cow!
Harry Caray	I know it is the fans that are responsible for me being here. I've always tried in each and every broadcast to serve the fans to the best of my ability.
Harry Caray	I'll tell you what's helped me my entire life. I look at baseball as a game. It's something where people can go out, enjoy and have fun. Nothing more.
Harry Hamlin	Aaron Echolls is one of the best characters that I've ever played.
Harry Hamlin	If you play a gay role, it sticks more than it does if an actor were to play a murderer or a psychopath.
Harry Hamlin	In those days I was mortified, because I was a serious actor in my own mind, and then all of a sudden I'm this hunk.
Harry Hamlin	I get interested in writers who are enigmatic.
Harry Hamlin	I get to play a great character while working with great actors and great directors on a great show.
Harry Hamlin	I think people enjoyed LA Law so much, because it was the first show that delved into current events through the prism of the law.
Harry Hamlin	I'm not as focused on my acting career as I have been in the past.
Harry Hamlin	I'd like to find great roles close to home and work on great projects while staying near my family. My family's the most important thing to me right now.
Harry Hamlin	People will have an altered idea of who you are unless they really take time to get to know you, which of course they don't. They just get what they see, and they take that to the bank.
Harry S Truman	It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
Harry S Truman	America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
Harry S Truman	In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.
Harry S Truman	Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.
Harry S Truman	Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
Harry S Truman	The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness.
Harry S Truman	A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties.
Harry S Truman	Experience has shown how deeply the seeds of war are planted by economic rivalry and social injustice.
Harry S Truman	It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow's viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.
Harry S Truman	You can always amend a big plan, but you can never expand a little one. I don't believe in little plans. I believe in plans big enough to meet a situation which we can't possibly foresee now.
Harry S Truman	You want a friend in Washington? Get a dog.
Harry S Truman	A President cannot always be popular.
Harry S Truman	When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
Harry S Truman	If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Harry S Truman	The only things worth learning are the things you learn after you know it all.
Harry S Truman	The United Nations is designed to make possible lasting freedom and independence for all its members.
Harry S Truman	I remember when I first came to Washington. For the first six months you wonder how the hell you ever got here. For the next six months you wonder how the hell the rest of them ever got here.
Harry S Truman	A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader.
Harry S Truman	You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break.
Harry S Truman	I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
Harry S Truman	If I hadn't been President of the United States, I probably would have ended up a piano player in a bawdy house.
Harry S Truman	All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.
Harry S Truman	Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in.
Harry S Truman	If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Harry S Truman	All my life, whenever it comes time to make a decision, I make it and forget about it.
Harvey Ball	The catch phrase for the day is 'Do an act of kindness. Help one person smile.'
Harvey Ball	I made a circle with a smile for a mouth on yellow paper, because it was sunshiny and bright.
Harvey Ball	There are two ways to go about it. You can take a compass and draw a perfect circle and make two perfect eyes as neat as can be. Or you can do it freehand and have some fun with it. Like I did. Give it character.
Harvey Fierstein	Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Harvey Fierstein	I do believe we're all connected. I do believe in positive energy. I do believe in the power of prayer. I do believe in putting good out into the world. And I believe in taking care of each other.
Harvey Fierstein	It's a wonderful world. You can't go backwards. You're always moving forward. It's the wonderful part about life. And that's terrific.
Harvey Fierstein	The great thing about suicide is that it's not one of those things you have to do now or you lose your chance. I mean, you can always do it later.
Harvey Fierstein	While we dance in the streets and pat ourselves on the back for being a nation great enough to reach beyond racial divides to elect our first African-American president, let us not forget that we remain a nation still proudly practicing prejudice.
Harvey Fierstein	I often say that if you want to really want to understand the contract of marriage, just ask anyone who has been divorced. The marriage contract is one of property rights. Or maybe you can look in the Bible to see what Adam had to say about divorce, since Eve was his second wife.
Harvey Fierstein	I really am a theater person. That means you put something out there, and you let it go. Tomorrow night is a new performance.
Harvey Fierstein	A child's kiss is magic. Why else would they be so stingy with them?
Harvey Fierstein	If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life?
Harvey Fierstein	When I went into 'Fiddler,' I wondered about the response I'd get - the backlash because I'm openly gay. There was none. I toured Canada and America, and not one single review suggested that I played the role gay or that I seemed anything but Tevye.
Harvey Fierstein	Anyone with a smart phone is a potential eyewitness cameraman capturing and transmitting stories at speeds that turn Reuter photos and traditional reporting into, well... yesterday's news.
Harvey Fierstein	Always admit when you're wrong. You'll save thousands in therapy... and a few friendships too.
Harvey Fierstein	Beware of anyone who says they know. Trust me, they don't, or they wouldn't have to say they did.
Harvey Fierstein	Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Harvey Fierstein	Well, I always looked at Mulan as a movie about a lesbian coming out.
Harvey Fierstein	You may feel powerless as a child, but the world will one day be yours. And you're responsible for it. So, seize the day and take charge of it.
Harvey Fierstein	I got a lovely check today from being a writer that I earned by sitting at home. That's rewarding.
Harvey Fierstein	Time will tell us what we did and didn't do.
Harvey Fierstein	What looks absolutely fabulous in rehearsal can fall flat in front of an audience. The audience dictates what you do or don't change.
Harvey Fierstein	In London they don't like you if you're still alive.
Harvey Fierstein	To work all the time is to be incredibly lucky.
Harvey Fierstein	Political movements always belong to the young.
Harvey Fierstein	How often are the perpetrators of hate-crimes discovered to be self-loathing? Valued individuals do not strike out against strangers.
Harvey Fierstein	Also, if you want to reach people, theatre is not always the best way to do it.
Harvey Fierstein	It would be nice to redefine ourselves - at the moment we are drowning in diversity. That's not a bad thing, its just going to take a while before we refocus.
Hasan M. Elahi	I've pretty much accepted the fact that you're going to meet ignorant people, and that's okay. You can't control that. You can't change that.
Hasan M. Elahi	Big Brother doesn't like all these Little Brothers looking at it.
Hasan M. Elahi	It's really weird watching the government watch me.
Hasan M. Elahi	The concept of surveillance is ingrained in our beings. God was the original surveillance camera.
Hasan M. Elahi	Despite the barrage of information about me that is publicly available, I live a surprisingly private and anonymous life.
Hasan M. Elahi	How do you manage your online identity? It's something I talk about with my students all the time.
Hasan M. Elahi	I'm an artist. And usually when I tell people I'm an artist, they just look at me and say, 'Do you paint?' or 'What kind of medium do you work in?'
Hasan M. Elahi	I'm convinced that if we don't define ourselves, other people will do it for us, and inaccurately.
Hasan M. Elahi	If 300 million people were to offer up the details of their private lives, you would need to hire another 300 million people just to keep up.
Hasan M. Elahi	Information agencies operate in an industry that values data. Restricted access to information is what makes it valuable.
Hasan M. Elahi	It's incredibly disturbing when a country, particularly your own country, uses discrimination as a basis for an investigation.
Hasan M. Elahi	To this day, I get very nervous coming back into my own country.
Hasan M. Elahi	We don't know what the next generation of art is going to look like. We're kind of making it up as we go along. Not unlike the tech industry.
Hasan M. Elahi	We're all creating an archive of our own lives, whether we're aware of it or not.
Hasan M. Elahi	You can accuse me of being a terror suspect, but I can prove to you that I'm not.
Hasan M. Elahi	You hear these horrible stories about the FBI just doing all these nasty things to people. And you know what? In my case, I didn't experience any of that, probably because the way I treated them. I was like, 'Okay, what do you want to know?' So I kept going back to their offices on a regular basis.
Hasil Adkins	Up to now I've done everything I've wanted to do the way I wanted to do myself.
Hasil Adkins	I don't live on a hill. I live down under a hill, in the bottom and I've got a lot of cars, yeah.
Hasil Adkins	My first record came out in 1961 and then I had one come out in 1962 and then I had two that came out in 1964.
Hasil Adkins	I got about 6037 songs I wrote myself and I'm trying to get them on the market and I just wish people could hear them and stuff but they'll do pretty good.
Hasil Adkins	That's when we was makin this video stuff. They went all over the place makin it. And they was wantin to know, at the college, how I got started playin and how do I do everything - you know, all that.
Hawa Abdi	I don't recognize my people anymore. I feel Somalia is lost. There is no Somalia. It is just a name.
Hawa Abdi	We women in Somalia are trying to be leaders in our community.
Hawa Abdi	Women can build stability. We can make peace.
Hawa Abdi	When I decided to become a doctor, I was very, very young, when my mother, her seventh child, became pregnant, and she was feeling terrible pain, and I could not know how to help her. And my mother died in front of my eyes, without knowing why, which diagnosis. So I decided to be a doctor.
Hawa Abdi	The long-term solution in preventing another famine in Somalia is to promote self-reliance.
Hawa Abdi	At night I dream about going to where I played when I was still young.
Hawa Abdi	I have big hope for the Canadian government to help Somalia with something concrete and tangible. I haven't seen that.
Hayley Atwell	From a very young age, stories fuelled my imagination in the most wonderful way.
Hayley Atwell	I like characters who have faults. I'm drawn to darker people.
Hayley Atwell	My real self, the self I have always been from a child, is a loner and nerd, slightly overweight, with a very heavy fringe. That is who I was as a kid. I don't think I will ever be anything other than that.
Hayley Atwell	I am often lost in my own world, with a frown on my face.
Hayley Atwell	I can't imagine it if beauty was the only currency I used as an actress. It just doesn't interest me.
Hayley Atwell	I love firing guns. It's an amazing feeling - so sexy and powerful.
Hayley Atwell	Documenting trips makes them that much richer. I stick in train tickets and business cards from restaurants. It makes the whole experience poetic, describing the sights, smells and sounds around me. It means I can relive the holiday years later.
Hayley Atwell	I'd love to do an action movie. Something with lots of stunts. Anything fast and dangerous and involving guns.
Hayley Atwell	I'm deeply ambitious and I always have been.
Hayley Atwell	I went to drama school for three years, and the whole thing there is that hopefully you are introduced to a man called William Shakespeare who is the greatest of all time of all storytelling.
Hayley Atwell	Skiing in Whistler was great fun. It's an extreme environment that's very different to my own and I had never skied before, so I had to learn to take on the elements quite bravely. It was nice to try something new.
Hayley Atwell	I don't think I'm curvaceous. It's simply that most other actresses are really, stupidly tiny.
Hayley Atwell	Mum wasn't at all religious, but she thought that going to the theatre was as important a ceremonial, communal experience that a person could have.
Hayley Atwell	Because I trained in theater, I always leave a film shoot feeling like I haven't done anything, like I just sat in front of the camera and whispered, essentially.
Hayley Atwell	Although I grew up in London, I spent summers in Missouri, where my dad lived. It's quite a liberal town, Kansas City. You'd be surprised.
Hayley Atwell	I read a lot of heavy literature when I'm on set, so on holiday I want to indulge in something light-hearted.
Hayley Atwell	I think it's always easier to play parts that you have something concrete that you can relate to.
Hayley Atwell	I'm not really into makeup, not really into fuffing with hair and stuff.
Hayley Atwell	It's people's worst fantasy to see their partner kissing someone else, even though it's a job and it's not real.
Hayley Atwell	My first job was a Greek tragedy, and ever since, one job just seemed to roll onto the next. I've been terribly lucky.
Hayley Atwell	The main reason I did 'Captain America' was because I wanted to get out of my own head and stop taking my work so seriously.
Hayley Atwell	The things that prey on my mind in London seem to disappear as soon as I find myself in a different environment. Survival mode kicks in.
Hayley Atwell	I have family dotted everywhere - Dad's in California; I've got aunts in Scotland and Virginia; family in Kansas City; family in Manchester and London.
Hayley Atwell	I think American guys tend to be a bit more forward, a bit more chatty and open than the Brits. The Brits seem to have a darker sense of humor, though I have met some Americans who have adopted bits of the British dry sense of humor as well.
Hayley Atwell	I think Brits probably feel that Americans are more like us than vice-versa, if that makes sense. Because we get everything American over here in Britain, but yet there are things which are staunchly English that you guys don't have.
Heavy D	I was in California the first time I heard Michael Jackson wanted to record with me. I was, like, 'Nah, no way, he's too big, it can't be true.' Then I got a call from Michael's people at my hotel telling me he was interested. But I still wasn't believing it - I thought they were setting me up for a TV practical jokes show.
Heavy D	There's something about being any kind of entertainer that is acting. You have to put on a show. Things you wouldn't do in your life, you do on stage. You have to let go. And that's extra hard for rappers. We have a tendency to, quote unquote, keep it real. As an actor, you have to be able to humiliate yourself. Do whatever it takes.
Heavy D	His name is Michael Jackson, not Super Michael Jackson. He makes mistakes just like all of us.
Heavy D	I'm not one of those pop guys. That's for wimps like Vanilla Ice.
Heavy D	As an artist, there were different levels in my career that brought me to a realization that I am what you would call a pure artist. And I don't say that with any type of vanity.
Heavy D	Reggae was always a passion of mine. I used to say in interviews that I would love to do a reggae album. But it consumed my life being a hip-hop artist and being Heavy D, which I'm happy and proud of.
Heavy D	I aim my music at the hip black hip-hop audience.
Heavy D	I started young. My first record came out when I was - what? 18? So I was in the studio when I was 15, 16.
Heavy D	The hardest thing for an artist to do is to let go. I don't wanna be the dude - if you come to my house, there are no pictures circa '86 in my house.
Hector Elizondo	I love the fact that it starts from there, and you don't know where it's gonna go. Wait long enough - love will find you. Everything's a surprise. When you think you've got it all figured out... as Emerson said, the dice of God are always loaded.
Hector Elizondo	Pretty Woman was the easiest job I've ever done. I just wore the right toupee.
Hector Elizondo	Food is a passion. Food is love.
Hector Elizondo	The fact that that's the difference between Mexicans and Cubans is pronounced. It's so immediately recognizable, the way a Cuban speaks, the way a Cuban moves the hands.
Hector Elizondo	I never learned to cook; I was a little spoiled as far as that's concerned.
Hector Elizondo	I'm attracted to pathos, because life is mostly pathos. I've had a lot of it in my life.
Hector Elizondo	Sometimes I just walk through; I just show up, as in The Other Sister.
Hector Elizondo	Which reminds me of a fortune cookie: you often find your destiny on the path you take to avoid it.
Hector Elizondo	I'm a parent, especially when you've had the intense parenting the way I had. It's all in the bank. It's all in the great experience bank. Those are your secrets. That's the stuff that makes your work rich, that's what you dip into.
Hector Elizondo	I think you can tell the human condition better through comedy.
Hector Elizondo	Definitely not a sitcom, that's my first condition. No sitcoms.
Hector Elizondo	I guess I work well with others I handle younger actors well.
Hector Elizondo	I started in radio, again accidentally. I wasn't looking for this kind of work at all.
Hector Elizondo	I work with Garry no matter what. What I wanted to keep going was the streak.
Hector Elizondo	I've dodged bullets but there's no scandal in my life.
Hector Elizondo	On those, I've said it before, I work free. It's the waiting they pay me for.
Hector Elizondo	Yes, and it's my third movie with Richard. American Gigolo was my first.
Hector Elizondo	You can trust a Neil Simon script. Every dot. Every dash; that pause means something. He takes all the jokes out, practically.
Hector Elizondo	You know, a low budget, you have to work harder. You have to plan well; you don't have much time to rehearse.
Hector Elizondo	You're at the top of your game if you do comedy.
Hector Elizondo	I started in 1946 in radio. I was ten years old. I was discovered singing in a school play. Someone was in the audience and it's six degrees of separation.
Hector Elizondo	I used to work, part time, in a deli, in those days when your parents made you work just so you should know what work was like. And you'd make 4, 5, 6, ten dollars.
Helen Gahagan	When a marriage works, nothing on earth can take its place.
Helen Gahagan	In trying to make something new, half the undertaking lies in discovering whether it can be done. Once it has been established that it can, duplication is inevitable.
Helen Gahagan	I never felt I left the stage.
Helen Gahagan	I became active in politics because I saw the possibility, if we all sat back and did nothing, of a world in which there would no longer be any stages for actors to act on.
Helen Gahagan	I realized that public affairs were also my affairs.
Helen Garner	The rain began again. It fell heavily, easily, with no meaning or intention but the fulfilment of its own nature, which was to fall and fall.
Helen Garner	I like poking my nose into other people's lives.
Helen Garner	But there are some wounds that can never be healed.
Helen Garner	I'm very disturbed by violence against women when it is violence.
Helen Garner	It's disturbing at my age to look at a young woman's destructive behaviour and hear the echoes of it, of one's own destructiveness in youth.
Helen Garner	People demand a lot of the justice system and they demand things that it can't deliver.
Helen Garner	Writers seem to me to be people who need to retire from social life and do a lot of thinking about what's happened - almost to calm themselves.
Helen Garner	Maybe this is pathetic, but I still dread producing a book that doesn't earn back its advance. I hate obligations that are financially foggy.
Helen Garner	That's the best thing that's ever happened to me, bar none, is having grandchildren and living by them and being part of their lives.
Helen Garner	I think some people wished I'd kept myself out of the book. But I kind of insist on it because I want the reader to share my engagement with the material, if you like, not pretend that I'm doing it completely intellectually.
Helen Garner	We were in a great, seething moment in the 1970s. There was a new Labour government and everything seemed full of hope... But, as we got older and we saw how much women's behaviour contributed to what was wrong, we stopped being able to see ourselves purely as.
Helen Garner	Well, I'm at some kind of crossroads in my life and I don't know which way to take. It's not about money, I mean, because I'm established enough now as a writer to get a reasonable advance if I wanted to do fiction.
Helen Garner	At the time it seemed like a natural development of my interest in what was going on around me in society.
Helen Garner	I think writers are very anxious.
Helen Garner	It's a terrific privilege to be able to see into somebody else's life.
Helen Garner	That's one of the things I hope that the book can do, is to restore some dignity to Joe Cinque.
Helen Garner	The only thing that I was equipped for with my very mediocre college Arts degree was to get a job in teaching.
Helen Garner	I don't believe that anything's totally invented... If you're completely inventing a story, there wouldn't be an urge to tell it.
Helen Garner	I don't understand my own sporadic collapses into passivity. Perhaps I never will.
Helen Garner	Janet Malcolm's probably the writer I most admire and who's most influenced me.
Helen Garner	But I now think what I was doing, in a completely unconscious way, was getting off the turf where my husband and I might be rivals. We were both w
